{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 [12/5/2024, 3:38:35 PM] Gamemaster\par
Mount Myre has sagged once more, the fourth time this moon; the Arcane Consortium can no longer obfuscate the issue and the peasants of Pearlescent Port have begun to notice the island's proud peaks have sunken into a concave crater of itself. They've taken to shamefully renaming the landmark: Mush Mountain and forming protest groups at the guild gates.\tab The wizards of the consortium have excused themselves of all fault and lay the blame on "mysterious emanations" within the mountain that the guild has ignored for...who knows how long? According to them they'd sent multiple scouts to go investigate, but none of them ever reported back.\tab It's now on your group to venture into Mush Mountain and get the peasants to shut up...err, stop the mountain from collapsing in on itself! The Arcane Consortium has outfitted you with gear and sent you into the mountains with a guide to lead you to Mush Mountain's mouth.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:40:32 PM] Gamemaster\par
The hills are a silent green and mountainsides rocky and full of foliage as your group follows behind your guide, Kuru; he is a white furred cat in classic blue garbs with a silver aquamarine rod tucked into his sash. A cold wind caresses your figures in an oddly utter quiet and then Kuru whimsically gestures up to the static treetops: the leaves aren't moving. \tab Suddenly the illusory canopy evaporates in the air, revealing naked, bare branches, cold, dried, and hungry for life. The trees become more akin to a mocking statue of their former selves, progressively whiter. A twisting stone stairway crawls its way up beneath their desparate limbs, resting at a small stone shack with a lit sconce shining a light against a large, round boulder.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:40:46 PM] Kuru\par
"Here we are: home, sweet home..." Kuru glumly whines as he drags himself up the steps. He looks over his shoulder at the group and gives them a tired, perverse smirk. "Mush Mountain~ Aheh...heh."\tab "So what can you all do that makes you think you're different and coming back from this mission?" Like a cheshire he knowingly grins.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:44:31 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus O- oh! How many would you say have gone on this same mission and not returned?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:45:09 PM] Cyrus\par
The guild has certainly not let this place become too dangerous... r- right?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:45:14 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru scratches his chin as he scrapes his claws up the stone steps. "Hrrmmm...Two parties, total of five folks."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:45:39 PM] Kuru\par
He continues climbing in silence then adds, "That was over a month ago."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:45:39 PM] Aleph\par
oh.... ahem,well, this would mean that we will trailblaze! We will find a way!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:46:07 PM] Cyrus\par
I'm sure we can make a difference together ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:46:40 PM] Kuru\par
"I sure hope so. Thie land is gettin' real soft and squishy." He points at the trees, a few of their roots and trunks have sunken into the dirt.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:46:40 PM] Aleph\par
We will make our way somehow ^w^ it cannot be that bad, right?...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:47:04 PM] Cyrus\par
O- oh my, that's not... like anything I've ever seen before\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:47:09 PM] Gamemaster\par
At the top of the stairs is a small stone shack with a wooden door and a lit sconce. Beside it is the entrance to a cavern, blocked by a large round boulder.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:47:35 PM] Cyrus\par
Ah, is this the entrance? Why is it blocked off?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:47:40 PM] Kuru\par
"Alrighty...stand back." He holds an arm out.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:47:48 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru pulls out his silver wand and with a swish 'n flick, and several strained spiraling motions, the large boulder slowly begins rolling aside to open up Mush Mountain's Mouth. A cold humidity rushes out like a burp, a musty scent coming from deep within. Kuru lazily leans on the boulder and smiles at the group as he pulls out a scroll and holds it out to them: It's labelled "Rock Roller".\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:48:35 PM] Cyrus\par
A- ah I see!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:48:39 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
Boulder Buddy loudly groans as it drags across the ground.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:48:46 PM] Kuru\par
"Who wants it?" He asks, dangling the scroll.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:49:04 PM] Aleph\par
ooohh can you control this rock with this spell? such goodness!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:49:10 PM] Kuru\par
"If you make it back and I'm not here, use this to open up the mountain again." He wriggles the scroll and smiles a little bigger. "I'll come in and try to help ya'll out if I sense something though, I promise...So, any last words? Err, questions?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:49:54 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru gives off a weird, creepy aura.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:50:00 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru grins a little wider as you stare\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:50:16 PM] Kuru\par
"It's yours, puppy. Fetch."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:50:21 PM] Kuru\par
He throws to scroll in Aleph's face.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:51:59 PM] Aleph\par
mmmrrff @.@ *the scroll flops on my face and i just take it to look at it and try to examine it a bit better*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:52:24 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru snickers. "Good dog."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:52:43 PM] Cyrus\par
Kuru, this isn't.. dangerous is it?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:52:46 PM] Aleph\par
hey! i am NOT a dog! i am a (digital) monster! z/////z *is all flustered all cutely xP*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:53:19 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru drags himself over to his shack and leans up against the wall, arms crossed as he looks at the duo. "You can control the rocks with that scroll. Just once." He rolls his eyes as the bird. "It's incredibly dangerous, don't die down there. Because I don't want to have to bother collecting you from the caves."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:53:36 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru looks down at the ground, hiding his mouth\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:53:37 PM] Aleph\par
I think this is why they needed us after all!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:54:03 PM] Gamemaster\par
Within the white tabby's humble home lies a simple bed with an inordinate amount of oddly patterned pillows, dusty shelves with books, bowls, and potions, a cupboard full of jars and tools. A single table with a lonely chair and an open book with candle lies next to it. There's a wood furnace. Kuru steps in to close the door.\tab "You don't want to end up in my shack." He grimly giggles.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:55:04 PM] Cyrus\par
K- Kuru, are you a member of the guild? Why do you have a shack here at the mouth of the mountain ovo\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:55:15 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be having a bit of this weird feeling and would try to take a peek inside the house from the window just to see if there are ... flattened toons inside? In any way?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:55:27 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru sighs loudly, stepping in FRONT of the door. "Yes, I am."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:55:54 PM] Aleph\par
(he would be peeking trying not to be too suspicious xD)\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:56:11 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru leans in on Aleph and squints. "Keep wasting time here and I'll PUT you in my shack." He growls.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:56:19 PM] Kuru\par
"Seriously, any last questions about the MISSION?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:56:23 PM] Cyrus\par
O- of course...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:56:56 PM] Cyrus\par
I think I'm good to go!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:57:39 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru gestures to the mouth of the cave. It's only large enough for one of you to go in at a time.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:58:16 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
Boulder Buddy threateningly rolls a single inch towards the party as the ground shakes.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:58:17 PM] Aleph\par
Come on Cyrus, we will get through in this *looking at the cat guide very shortly, giving them a bit of a silly squinty stare xP and pulls Cyrus into the cave. He would use his lantern as well if its too dark*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 3:59:55 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus tries to observe the walls and ground of the cave from behind Aleph\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:00:41 PM] Cyrus\par
Skulker Feature\par
General Feat (Prerequisites: Level 4+, Dexterity 13+)\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab You gain the following benefits. Ability Score Increase. Increase your Dexterity score by 1, to a maximum of 20.\par
Blindsight. You have Blindsight with a range of 10 feet.\par
Fog of War. You exploit the distractions of battle, gaining Advantage on any Dexterity (Stealth) check you make as part of the Hide action during combat.\par
Sniper. If you make an attack roll while hidden and the roll misses, making the attack roll doesn't reveal your location.\par
Dexterity 13+ None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:01:32 PM] Kuru\par
"Good luck!" Kuru's perverse laugh can be heard behind the rumbling noise of the boulder as he rolls it back into place, blocking out the remaining natural light. \tab "Oshi-uh..." There's a small pause, and a growing rumbling. "Uhhh...O-oops!! OOPS GUYS! RUN!! RUNRUNRUN!!!" Kuru shouts! The rumbling is growing louder!! The boulder is rolling after you all!!! What will you do?!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:01:56 PM] Cyrus\par
-eep run run Aleph!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:02:19 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus Cyrus tries to get past Aleph but can't squeeze past\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:02:26 PM] Cyrus\par
>v<\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:02:40 PM] Aleph\par
lets run for it!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:02:46 PM] Gamemaster\par
As you're running the ground suddenly slips beneath you?! And the next step forward is WAY deeper than you thought!!! Roll a dexterity saving throw, DC 12 to not fall prone!\par
\tab [12/5/2024, 4:03:44 PM] Gamemaster\par
The dark craggly tunnel suddenly swerves to the left and back, time to make some quick turns! Roll an Athletics ability check, DC 10 to not crash into the walls!\par
[12/5/2024, 4:05:17 PM] Cyrus\par
You crash into the glowing shrooms and once agitated they release their spores: Your lungs are overcome with an unbearable tightness as it becomes difficult to breath! Roll a constitution saving throw, DC 12 to not be infected!The boulder rolls through the shroom, crushing them all and sending a cloud of spores flying into the air! SPLOOSH! SPLASH! Splorsh...The boulder disappears in the wet darkness. Rising from the disturbed darkness is a phantom, a shadow in the shape of a dragonoid. It woefully meanders at you, menacingly drifting into your personal space as it moans.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:05:54 PM] Gamemaster\par
At the end of the tunnel, past the crushed mush and over the lip are several layers of waterfalls, with hidden rivers in the dark running all around in the distance. They all seem to focus in and bend around and down this corner. Fish leap down to lower levels and follow the streams.\tab The cavern continues eastward, with pillars and stalagmites forming a southern wall.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:06:03 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
Boulder Buddy crashes down the waterfalls\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:06:04 PM] Aleph\par
*attempts to see if i can catch the fluttering Cyrus and prepares a Lay on Hands*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:06:11 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:06:40 PM] Aleph\par
*i will try to do a jump to see if i can catch him >////<*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:06:45 PM] Cyrus\par
I try to pop back up!\par
[12/5/2024, 4:08:01 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
Dragon Phantom (1) SCREECHES as it drifts towards you\par
[12/5/2024, 4:08:45 PM] Aleph\par
*meanwhile i am trying to heal Cyrus as we are in contact, if i can i will try a Lay on hands 10*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:09:56 PM] Aleph\par
*would try to see what just happened to myself*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:10:01 PM] Gamemaster\par
The dragon phantom pops and absorbs into Aleph's body\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:10:28 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
The intentions of the shadow dragon are mysterious. Maybe he just wanted a hug?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:11:43 PM] Gamemaster\par
At the end of the tunnel, past the crushed mush and over the lip are several layers of waterfalls, with hidden rivers in the dark running all around in the distance. They all seem to focus in and bend around and down this corner. Fish leap down to lower levels and follow the streams.\tab The cavern continues eastward, with pillars and stalagmites forming a southern wall.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:12:34 PM] Cyrus\par
What was that dragon?! Oh no, Aleph do you feel alright?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:12:41 PM] Aleph\par
Cyrus! what was that @.@ and y-you even got so flat!... h-how did it feel? are you ok?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:12:55 PM] Aleph\par
Actually... i am not sure! but the Light will be with us ^w^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:13:00 PM] Cyrus\par
T- that hurt a bit @v@ but thank you for the help x)\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:13:20 PM] Kuru\par
"Ya a'ight down there?" Kuru's voice echoes from the distance. A few seconds pass. "Awh they're probably fine. I'll collect their flimsy figures later."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:13:35 PM] Cyrus\par
Oh my gosh that guy is not on our side, is he >v>\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:13:43 PM] Aleph\par
Hey! we are not even done yet! zwz we are fine! *grumbles all cutely xP* come on,lets keep going\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:13:57 PM] Cyrus\par
Sure x) *collects my hempen rope*\par
 \par
\par
[12/5/2024, 4:14:45 PM] Aleph\par
*is still puzzled to see what just happened to himself and what is inside?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:14:51 PM] Cyrus\par
E- excuse me Mr. Dragon, can you hear us from in Aleph?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:14:55 PM] Aleph\par
Let us hope this doesnt make me... extra squishy or something?\par
 \par
\par
[12/5/2024, 4:15:34 PM] Aleph\par
Aleph randomly hugs Cyrus\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:15:42 PM] Cyrus\par
ovo hehe\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:15:53 PM] Aleph\par
0w0.... that felt.. wait, this is actually... its friendly? whoa!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:16:07 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
Dragon Phantom (1) is now inside of Cyrus\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:16:17 PM] Cyrus\par
H- hey!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:16:23 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
Dragon Phantom (1) is very happy to have been acknowledged by name and polited inquired upon.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:16:31 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
It nestles deeper in your soul, getting cozy\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:16:34 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:16:36 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be feeling a shiver after he felt the dragon out of him to Cyrus and then looked around,shrugging* that was... something! but i dont see any evil at least?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:17:11 PM] Cyrus\par
W- well I still feel okay, I think we're okay @v@I hope Mr. Dragon is friendly...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:18:15 PM] Aleph\par
Detect Evil and Good 1st Level \f1\bullet  Divination\par
For the duration, you sense the location of any Aberration, Celestial, Elemental, Fey, Fiend, or Undead within 30 feet of yourself. You also sense whether the Hallow spell is active there and, if so, where.The spell is blocked by 1 foot of stone, dirt, or wood; 1 inch of metal; or a thin sheet of lead.\par
Place Measured Template\par
V, S Concentration 1 Action 30 ft Sphere None 10 Minutes Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:18:18 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
Dragon Phantom (1) is incredibly evil.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:18:40 PM] Aleph\par
.... we might be in a pickle, but as long as we dont anger them, we should be ok?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:18:46 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
Dragon Phantom (1) is an undead presence\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:18:49 PM] Cyrus\par
Um @v@ oh no...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:19:03 PM] Cyrus\par
well Mr. Dragon, I don\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:19:13 PM] Cyrus\par
don't have anything against you! Let's be friends @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:19:29 PM] Dragon Phantom (1)\par
No response. But you feel it in there\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:19:30 PM] Cyrus\par
Let's keep going, maybe he'll decide to leave soon\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:19:37 PM] Cyrus\par
I'll be polite to him in the meantime\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:19:47 PM] Aleph\par
Me will keep it in check,dont worry x3\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:22:56 PM] Aleph\par
*i will try to see around for anything unusual*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:22:57 PM] Gamemaster\par
Several minutes of traveling in the dark narrow tunnels later and the cavern suddenly opens up into a vast darkness. Your lights stretch out and scratch the surface of an immense structure before you, and from its geometry monstrous figures leap out! Gargoyles are hunched over scowling down at your group, perched on large platforms beside windows that hang over a moat, gazing out into a crumbling slope.\tab Two large hooded statues stand in prayer on each side of a metal doorway. Looking up the dark ceiling offers up strange, tiniest specks of a green light glistening off of odd angles of mineral deposit along the stalactites. The ceiling and walls seem to hug the other walls of the building with what little light you can make out.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:24:01 PM] Cyrus\par
They look nice! These are wonderful sculptures\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:24:39 PM] Aleph\par
*in Aleph's mind, he was still kinda distracted a bit when Cyrus was fluttering flat, and you could see him flushed a bit z/////z* oh... oh! what is that?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:25:33 PM] Gamemaster\par
Looking down at the ground you notice tiny little vibrations on the ground. Pebbles and sands dropping and hitting the floor. You look up at the source and see a small stream of stones north falling. Something is loose\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:25:55 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
Boulder Buddy sits wedged in the ceiling\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:26:03 PM] Gamemaster\par
Upon entry the dark marbled foyer is barren, save for a half-pipe wall to the south, and all manner of giant cobweb on the north half of the room. A wooden stairway stretches up high and far past the cobwebs, 3 chandeliers dangle above them. Just ahead is a web covered doorway to another dark room.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:26:39 PM] Cyrus\par
E- eww\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:26:42 PM] Cyrus\par
spider webs @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:01 PM] Cyrus\par
18\par
1d20 + 0 + 0 = 18 + 0 + 0 = 18\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:14 PM] Gamemaster\par
No spiders...No big ones. Maybe a few tiny babies the size a claw point\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:16 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph notices the web and looks to Cyrus* noticing anything weird?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:24 PM] Cyrus\par
Whew\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:34 PM] Cyrus\par
nothing out of the ordinary!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:36 PM] Gamemaster\par
The door to the east is riddled with the most webs\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:41 PM] Gamemaster\par
Babies crawl from beneath it out\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:49 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph will then try to look around and ahead to see if there are more doors, there seems to be stairs too?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:50 PM] Gamemaster\par
They skitter for the exit beneath your legs\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:27:59 PM] Cyrus\par
Let's go up the stairs, I don't like the vibes of that door ver there >v>\par
 \par
\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:28:28 PM] Gamemaster\par
Along the stairways is a mural that stretches from the bottom of the steps all the way to the top.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:28:43 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus inspects the mural\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:28:47 PM] Gamemaster\par
Stained glass windows with draconic shapes are on the opposite side of the wall\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:28:56 PM] Gamemaster\par
Beginning with a red, spikey kobold beseeching the Fire Dragon God, Ashardalon, and being bathed in its flamebreath and remade stronger, with wings, pride, and fire.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:29:06 PM] Cyrus\par
This is quite pretty!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:29:15 PM] Gamemaster\par
Then there is a green, smooth kobold pleading with the Gaian Snake Goddess, Juna, and being showered injected with her venom and becoming transformed slender and with wisdom.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:31:12 PM] Aleph\par
... we might be going directly into a Kobold trap,and you know how crafty they be, i can tell, this might be a Kobold occupation?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:31:16 PM] Cyrus\par
Ah I see!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:31:19 PM] Cyrus\par
you don't think...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:31:26 PM] Cyrus\par
this dragon is one of those minor gods >v>\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:31:37 PM] Gamemaster\par
Following that is a blue, angular kobold, asking the Muse Mother, Guthio for insight, and being drowned in starlight and transformed with knowledge and electricity.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:31:37 PM] Aleph\par
its ok,hold my hand, if we end up very flat, i will heal you z////z\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:31:49 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus is feeling nervous\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:32:21 PM] Gamemaster\par
And finally at the top of the stairs the mural depicts a bronze kobold mechanic rejecting all of those gods, but building with the prior 3 kobolds a temple city to their faiths and ingenuity for all of their kind.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:32:27 PM] Aleph\par
*we keep climbing stairs up as Cyrus covers behind me*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:32:41 PM] Cyrus\par
Very interesting murals though...\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:34:23 PM] Cyrus\par
*hides uvu*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:35:25 PM] Aleph\par
*would sense some of Cyru's nerviousness* z///z must have been traumatic that squish!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:35:44 PM] Gamemaster\par
SUDDENLY...\tab All of the wooden steps smoothen out into a slope. There's a sharp zapping noise as electricity is cut-off and at the very top of the stairs is a large metal cylinder plummeting! The merciless metal comes rolling down the stairs without delay, hitting max speed near instantly!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:36:17 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ !!!!!!!!!\par
[12/5/2024, 4:37:51 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
Boulder Buddy drops on the slopes, and begins rolling towards Aleph and Cyrus!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:38:05 PM] Aleph\par
*will try to stop the roller the best me can @.@*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:38:08 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"OHEY!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:38:08 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus turns tail and runs\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:38:10 PM] Cyrus\par
AAaaaaaaAA\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:39:14 PM] Aleph\par
aaaaaaaaaa cyruuuus @.@\par
[12/5/2024, 4:43:46 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) snickers as he peels Alephs's paws off the roller.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:44:04 PM] Aleph\par
a-aaaaahhh.... *was way too dizzy too see what is going on, trying his best to heal himself or to see around or to move?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:44:15 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Hello little buddy. How did you get here?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:44:30 PM] Gamemaster\par
The stairs reset\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:44:54 PM] Cyrus\par
-While you wear this cloak with its hood up, \tab\tab +Wisdom (Perception) checks made to see you have disadvantage. and \tab\tab +You have advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks made to hide, as the cloak's color shifts to camouflage you. \tab -Pulling the hood up or down requires an action.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:45:25 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
The kobolds each grab Aleph by his head and paws, then stretch him out and meet them with each other, folding him paws to his face. Then they fold him in half again....and again...and again....Eventually they're left with a blue square with metal gilding.\par
 \par
\par
[12/5/2024, 4:45:56 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph being so flat tries his best to talk and scream all muffled, trying his best to heal too? any spell working at all? T///T*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:46:57 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Think he'd make a good cape?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:47:07 PM] Gamemaster\par
The two start walking back to their post\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:47:10 PM] Cyrus\par
*Oh gods, Aleph must be so flat after that x(*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:47:30 PM] Aleph\par
...... T//////T mmmrrfff! *protesting and wiggling as a smol tiny square, trying to buy time do Cyrus can get closer*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:47:35 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus tries to walk quietly up the stairs\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:47:43 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
The kobolds unfurl Aleph after folding him, each sitting in a stool across a double door. They then sling him across the hall to each other, and each tease and play with edges and corners of their new friend.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:48:44 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be so flushed and blushy sooo flat and very dizzy a bit after all that handling >////<*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:48:57 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"My name's Pokk."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:49:03 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"And ah'm Zeep!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:49:08 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"And you're a sheet!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:49:12 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Heeheehee"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:49:19 PM] Cyrus\par
*Oh nooo x(*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:49:45 PM] Aleph\par
o-oh.... h-hi! @.@ y-you are kobolds right? you are surely very crafty! h-how did you do that?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:50:10 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Oh, it's REAL easy! We just fold you up with our arms!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:50:20 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"I can even do it with my claws!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:50:36 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
They throw Aleph on the ground and start kicking his edges with their paws to fold him up into a bundled pile\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:50:45 PM] Gamemaster\par
Past the wooden doorway the room is saturated in webs in every single corner. Something is painted on the far wall, half-obscured by the natural decor. Turning the corner there's a mass of webs and beyond it is the tense figure of a giant spider, curled forward! It rests on the floor before a dusty altar with rotten food and a small chest on it.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:51:10 PM] Aleph\par
eeeppp >w< w-what i mean is.. what did get me this flat? @.@ t-that was so... interesting! mmmrrfff @.@ *is getting bundled over x3*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:52:02 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"The rude roller? Our boss made that!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:52:08 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"He makes all kinds of stuff"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:52:13 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"We're gonna make you into all kinds of stuff!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:52:22 PM] Aleph\par
mmmrrff... @w@ m-make?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:53:26 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"YEah, like a pillow!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:53:33 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Nawhhh, footstool!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:54:00 PM] Gamemaster\par
As you maneuver to place your hand on the chest you feel the tiniest little prick on your wrist! A little spider has bitten you!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:54:19 PM] Aleph\par
h-hey! i am not that soft am i? T///T and wait... your boss? @.@ mmrrff....f-footstool?!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:54:50 PM] Cyrus\par
Within the chest is an old, stiffly rolled unidentified magic Scroll of bound by a label which reads: "Tri Fire".\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:55:39 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"yeahh, footstool~" He grins and kicks his heels on the lump of Aleph.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:56:26 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"You can have him for this shift, but I get him next shift!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:56:41 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
Boulder Buddy growls\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:57:03 PM] Aleph\par
b-but wait! before that @.@ i am very impressed by your ingenuity for real! h-how did your boss do these traps? *was kinda difficult to talk and all muffled being bundled over x3*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:57:42 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Pfft, don't ask us! I don't understand that stuff!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:59:11 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Bet the Archon would love to hear him kiss up to him about his inventions though."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 4:59:13 PM] Aleph\par
aaaaa @.@ y-you literally were told just to build this... right to specification... z////z now i regret not fluttering away\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:00:15 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"We didn't build it! The Archon did! WE're just the guards, ya dingus"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:00:31 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"We're glad to have a new buddy though"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:00:52 PM] Aleph\par
....w-wooohh... @.@ then Archon has to be sooo craftyyyy!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:01:47 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) grumbles and grabs Alephs face, then scrunches it muffled into itself before stomping him into an insole.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:01:54 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Ugh, an Archon kiss-up."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:02:01 PM] Aleph\par
mmmrfff... @////@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:02:04 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) grumbles and folds his arms. "What a shame"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:02:35 PM] Cyrus\par
*Sounding my best like a Kobold* H- help! There's intruders out here!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:03:30 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) grumbles and holds his foot up at his buddy, pointing at the Alephsole. "Must be this guy's friends or something. You go help, I gotta keep this guy pinned." HE stomps and twists his foot.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:03:39 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) grumbles, dragging his halberd on the ground.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:04:07 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) leans out, holding onto the wall and looking out. "The hell are you doing out on the gargoyles for!?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:04:32 PM] Cyrus\par
Shortsword Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:05:46 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) folds his legs and pokes his finger into Aleph's back, scratching his paws through the Digi-sole\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:06:18 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) sees this strange figure leap clumsily at him and trip on the gargoyle. The short sword flies into the water and he attempts to catch Cyrus with his claw\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:06:21 PM] Aleph\par
hhmmmrrff.... >/////< *would feel slight wiggles as he is stil trying his best to move... as much as a very flat insole would be?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:06:32 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Halberd +1 Martial Melee\par
Whether through demonic blessing, celestial bequeathment, crazed experiment, or skillful craft, this weapon has been enhanced to bring more bloodshed by the bearer.You have a bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon.\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action 10 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
[12/5/2024, 5:08:08 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) grabs Cyrus by the hood, then yanks the thief into the hallway. "Who the hell are you!?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:08:24 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) holds you at arm's length, halberd in his other hand.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:08:37 PM] Cyrus\par
A- ah! Hello! I'm just someone who wants to learn more about!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:08:41 PM] Cyrus\par
Your order?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:08:45 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) continues scratching Aleph, grumbling curiously as he looks around the corner.,\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:08:57 PM] Cyrus\par
I'm adventuring solo around here ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:09:00 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"We order you to squish!" He replie as he pulls a lever from around the corner\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:09:09 PM] Cyrus\par
W- wait!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:09:33 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) yelps as his arm FLATTENS beneath the piston with Cyrus. He's slammed chin first into the ground, grumbling\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:09:38 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"WHAT THE HELL, ZEEP!!?!!"!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:09:40 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus tries to put his hands up to stop the piston\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:09:58 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus but it isn't even close to enough and is compressed flat top-down\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:10:10 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) cackles, stomping in place happily as he yanks on the lever repeatedly, causing it to lift and slam on cyrus over and over, while also dragging his kobold friend into the trap with him\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:10:17 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"NO! STOP! AHGGH~! ASJDKLSJFKLASG!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:10:44 PM] Cyrus\par
Xvx\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:10:48 PM] Aleph\par
.... what was that sound... @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:10:48 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Cyrus and Aleph pass out, getting stomped on in a dance and slammed on by a piston\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:12:58 PM] Gamemaster\par
Cyrus and Aleph, you two awaken flat and plastered to the ground, on your back looking face up at a rubber piston. A lever is on the wall, outside the cage which controls it, and a chest and a sconce and two doors. You can hear the kobold guards just beyond the walls cackling to themselves, having a talk as you two awaken\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:13:57 PM] Cyrus\par
*is a pancake*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:13:59 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:14:35 PM] Cyrus\par
will brb quick!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:14:46 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be more like a streetched flopped and folded bundle but still able to look around with his face up? looks at Cyrus as well... all blushy and sheepish* (same!)\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:17:57 PM] Cyrus\par
*Cyrus is squashed in a very uncomfortable pose, with his arms and legs all bent out of shape*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:18:16 PM] Cyrus\par
O- ouch xvx\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:18:26 PM] Gamemaster\par
As the two of you lie on your back in a daze you feel the ground shake, and hear rocks tumbling in the distance, pebbles bouncing on the temple.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:18:37 PM] Aleph\par
*looks at Cyrus all bluuushing and kinda guilty for what happened* aaaa Cyrus im so glad to see you TwT *whispering a bit next to him*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:18:59 PM] Cyrus\par
H- hope you're okay buddy, I tried to save ya @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:19:08 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Pssst...S-someone there?" A nervous, tiny voice calls out from within the empty cell. Glancing about there doesn't appear to be a person, but inspecting the brickwork reveals one of the bricks is a wriggling cuboid of compressed feathers with a beak and talon sticking out.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:19:44 PM] Cyrus\par
O- oh! Who's that?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:19:52 PM] Aleph\par
uh oh... c-can you move Cyrus? *tries to see ifi can stand up all flattened* huh? w-who are you?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:19:56 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"It's me! The uhh...last cellmate didn't like sharing space with me...I'm not sure what happened to him, but the guards just keep laughing when I ask to be unbricked...Caw..." The bird brick coos weakly. "Please help me out?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:20:12 PM] Cyrus\par
*tries to pop up*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:20:39 PM] Cyrus\par
Aah you are certainly just as squished as we are!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:20:44 PM] Aleph\par
0w0... h-how did this happen to you? let me guess... the kobolds too?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:20:58 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly sighs "Yes..."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:21:07 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly wriggles in the wall, a bird brick\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:21:30 PM] Cyrus\par
*grabs Belzflee with my big wings hangs and tries to pull him out of his brick slot*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:21:37 PM] Aleph\par
*checking Belzflee to see if they be hurt or just a pop back to normal?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:23:17 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Once plucked the bird brick unfurls its feathers and quickly unravels fully formed into blackish bird with a dark green head and a tensely nervous expression. He is a grackle. He preens his arm and chest with his beak for a moment then twitches, his bones popping and cracking as he settles back into shape. He smiles to the group and tilts his head in a bow.\tab "Thank ye dearly, friends. My name's Belzflee Boofaly, Psionist of the Arcane Consortium...At least, I hope my dues are still covered- cripes, who knows how long I've been a brick!?" Belzflee claps his beak in horror as he gets lost in thought for a moment, then clicks his jaw and whistles as the entire mountain rumbles gently. \tab "No matter for now...this mountain, and its pointlessly cruel people...need saving!" Belzflee proudly proclaims as he adjusts his tattered brown vest. "Please, if you're here on behalf of the consortium, allow me to assist, otherwise...I have important duties to return to...."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:23:41 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly looks around, noticing he's still in a cage.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:24:14 PM] Cyrus\par
Ah I see! Well I'm glad we could unbrick you x)We could certainly use your help!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:24:42 PM] Cyrus\par
But what, may I ask, do they need saving from?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:25:01 PM] Cyrus\par
They certainly are quite cruel indeed xvx\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:25:11 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly gestures to the ceiling as the ground shakes\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:25:18 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Mount Myre is going to collapse"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:25:37 PM] Cyrus\par
O- oh goodness @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:25:39 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"We need to stop whatever is producing the vile emanations at the bottom of the mountain that's causing it!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:25:44 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would try to flatly nod and agree on this as well* We will help each other then! Wait... need saving? I know there are kobold engineers who build a lot of this place's traps... we firsthandedly... tried them as you can see... if there is more than meets the eye, I will do me best to help!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:26:08 PM] Cyrus\par
Yes! I think it's best if we all try to stop it together then\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:26:19 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly pinches his beak and nods. "Yes, I've seen their traps myself. Quite well made...." He then looks at Aleph and smirks. "Here, chap!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:26:27 PM] Cyrus\par
Aleph and I tried but... you see what happened xD\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:26:54 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly plucks Aleph from the ground and folds him in half twice, then slides him through the cell bars and throws him unraveling\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:27:11 PM] Cyrus\par
G- gosh @v@ Y- you're quite adept at handling squashed folks\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:27:25 PM] Cyrus\par
But now we're out I suppose!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:27:37 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I've learned while I was here..."He grumbles and shakes his head\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:27:41 PM] Aleph\par
o-oh! y-you read my mind! wheeee ^W^ *he slides on the other side all cute, and fluttering a bit before trying to pop back on mid air,and to see if i can open the cage or examine it at least?*\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:28:40 PM] Gamemaster\par
Looking around, Aleph...you notice only two things in this room of interest to you. The giant chest.And the giant lever.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:28:55 PM] Cyrus\par
Oh! Are our belongings in the chest? Can you check Aleph?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:29:06 PM] Cyrus\par
I can try to pick this lock if my tools are in there ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:29:11 PM] Aleph\par
*looks at the lever... then looks at Cyrus and Belzflee* lucky you that im not a barbarian z/////z\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:29:25 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly carefully watches Aleph's gaze\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:30:25 PM] Aleph\par
*will try to check on the chest first!*\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:30:57 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Handy Hook Simple Ranged\par
This magic hand-crossbow has been modified with something akin to a fishing reel fastened to some clockwork grinding against some casing that glows between the cracks. An elastic, black cord is attached to a 5 pronged mechanical head attached to a thick metal shaft.When you make a ranged attack with this weapon and hit a creature, you both must make contesting Strength Checks, the loser is pulled to the others.When you make a ranged attack with this weapon and roll a critical failure, roll a d10, you're going somewhere new.\par
Attack Damage DC 8 Strength Saving Throw Strength Saving Throw\par
None Equipped Proficient Effects Handy Hook\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:31:01 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Cloak of Protection Clothing\par
Wondrous item, (requires attunement)You gain a +1 bonus to AC and saving throws while you wear this cloak.\par
None Attunement Required Equipped Proficient Effects +1 to AC & Saves None\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:31:42 PM] Cyrus\par
Wonderful job ^^ We're free!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:32:24 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Oh thank Ioun we're free!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:32:28 PM] Aleph\par
yay! hehe x3 we will get to the bottom of this! ... did you see how i popped back to normal? >////< *all flustered x3*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:32:32 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I hope Chord is doing alright..."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:32:46 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I'll feel safer sticking with you two, please take the lead!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:32:47 PM] Cyrus\par
>v< Yes, very good haha\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:32:57 PM] Cyrus\par
Ah! Is Chord your companion?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:33:17 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Yes, he's my colleague that I was sent down here with to initially investigate what happened here."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:33:26 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"We failed much like you two did...until now."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:33:30 PM] Aleph\par
We will look for them then! I believe its fair and it would be kinda sad to leave their friend behind\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:33:45 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I've got a pretty good idea of where he might be kept..."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:33:46 PM] Cyrus\par
I see uvu Well we should try to find him too!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:33:48 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly shudders\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:33:49 PM] Aleph\par
W-well... we technically "failed" z////z but with style?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:34:14 PM] Cyrus\par
A- ah, is he... compressed somewhere, like you were?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:34:59 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"The Archon took quite a liking to his fur pattern..."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:35:05 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly holds himself and rubs his arms\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:35:11 PM] Cyrus\par
O- oh @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:35:25 PM] Aleph\par
oh no! *shudders a bit as he was almost that basically!*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:35:29 PM] Cyrus\par
Sounds like we'll need to have a word with this Archon...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:35:38 PM] Aleph\par
We gotta hel them then! and squish these kobolds back too!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:35:43 PM] Cyrus\par
well, let me see what's in these rooms around us\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:35:47 PM] Cyrus\par
yea! hehe\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:36:21 PM] Gamemaster\par
The barracks is empty save for four beds, with two on the far end pushed close together. Plainly visible from the doorframe, beneath the two beds, is a rolling pin.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:36:58 PM] Cyrus\par
Ah Belzflee, do you know what this lever does?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:37:02 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly glares at you. "Don't touch it! It will alert the kobolds!" He points at the piston above the jail cell.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:37:08 PM] Cyrus\par
A- ah @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:37:14 PM] Cyrus\par
Thanks for the warning!\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:37:31 PM] Aleph\par
Then we dont have much time, they might be on patrol.. or eating rocks... or something\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:37:34 PM] Cyrus\par
xD\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:37:44 PM] Gamemaster\par
Past the marble doors the temple opens up into a gray stone hallway lined with crates in the corners and four paintings along its walls. Each painting is of an elderly but prideful bronze, blue, green, and red kobold, all emblazened before religious iconography. Directly ahead sits a large wooden door. To the south is a ladder descending into the dark. To the north a ladder stretches upward into some wooden ceiling a few meters up\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:37:43 PM] Cyrus\par
hehe, yes , we should probably hurry\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:39:19 PM] Cyrus\par
Rolling Pin Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:40:22 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph sees the roller pin and eye widens all blushy 0/////0 looking at Cyrus* m-maybe we can use that if we need to slip under doors? @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:40:33 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ m- maybe\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:40:44 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly folds his arms and whistles to himself\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:40:59 PM] Cyrus\par
Don't worry Belzflee, we'll get your friend back ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:41:07 PM] Aleph\par
z////z seems a common thing?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:41:11 PM] Aleph\par
yes we will!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:41:26 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"And save the mountain!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:41:32 PM] Cyrus\par
Of course!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:42:13 PM] Aleph\par
Do you remember anything else of where your friend could be?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:42:26 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Deeper in the temple, for sure."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:44:06 PM] Aleph\par
*checking the crate*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:44:49 PM] Gamemaster\par
As you climb the ladders you hear a tumbling, then muffled noise thumping from above.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:46:15 PM] Gamemaster\par
Ascending the ladders you hear a stifled groan rumble the wooden shafts. A second thumping noise, then a tumble. You're treated to an audioshow as you continue to approach the trapdoor above.\tab "Haiyeek!!" A deep voice yelps from beyond the trapdoor.\tab "Ssshhh! Bad 'Bold!" A raspy voice hisses in reply, followed by a bumping noise and a fourth tumble.\tab "Oomf...Budammadraggin..." It deeply protests.\tab "Bad!" Thump thump thump. "Y'want summun' ta find us?!"\tab "N-no..." THUMP. "SIR!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:47:14 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Upon opening the trapdoor you're greeted up close face to face with the terrifying visage of a black dragonborn gawking at you in complete shock and silence. He is an unmoving block of dark scales, his body the shape of a 3 foot tall cube with slender, blue claws sinking into his forehead.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:47:21 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
Just beyond the quivering slab of dragonborn, extending from the dangling claws is a frail blue kobold, long drooping ears and large green goggles cover his eyes. They're holding a pen and open book in hand beside a dim candle light. Each of them are half naked with their weapons and equipment strewn about the floor.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:47:27 PM] Gamemaster\par
Both of them are stiff...frozen solid...unmoving statues were it not for their slight trembling and growing blush. They gawk at the trapdoor in unspoken horror, unable to grasp the reality they've now found themselves in. Their lips quiver in anticipation.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:48:00 PM] Gamemaster\par
What do you do?\par
 \par
\par
[12/5/2024, 5:49:58 PM] Cyrus\par
Rolling Pin Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
Equipped Not Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:50:30 PM] Cyrus\par
Sneak Attack Feature\par
You know how to strike subtly and exploit a foe's distraction. Once per turn, you can deal an extra 1d6 damage to one creature you hit with an attack roll if you have Advantage on the roll and the attack uses a Finesse or a Ranged weapon. The extra damage's type is the same as the weapon's type.You don't need Advantage on the attack roll if at least one of your allies is within 5 feet of the target, the ally doesn't have the Incapacitated condition, and you don't have Disadvantage on the attack roll.The extra damage increases as you gain Rogue levels, as shown in the Sneak Attack column of the Rogue Features table.\par
Damage\par
Rogue 1 None Effects\par
[12/5/2024, 5:51:26 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
The blue kobold's eyes go absolutely wide, his mouth agape with recognition as he utters "That's mine!", as you lunge forward with the rolling pin in both hands. It connects with their chest and they, in a fast moment of slow motion, give you the deepest leer and let out a soft trill before their back is slammed against the table and they allow themselves to get flattened, arms pressed up beside their head.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:51:52 PM] Captain Drekk\par
"D-DIRK!?!" He gasps, EFFORTLESSLY unfolded into a 6 and a half foot tall mountain of scales. He looks at the sight in disbelief, biting his lip\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:52:05 PM] Cyrus\par
\f0\'f2v\'f3 you go squish!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:52:14 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
Lieutenant Dirk (1) closes their eyes, head to the side as they're flattened to the table with their own rolling pin\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:52:26 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph hears a squashing sound and his ears perk,trying to climb up as well*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:52:38 PM] Captain Drekk\par
"DI-DIRK IS MINE!!!" HE ROARS angrily, then lunges to GRAB Cyrus\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:53:19 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
Lieutenant Dirk (1) is charmed and trilling\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:53:43 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk SLAMS down running at you\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:54:12 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk trips on the ball bearings and LANDS on Aleph, body slamming him.Aleph, dexterity saving throw\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:54:51 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk yelps as he suddenly lands on the ground, shouting "WHAT IS GOING ON!?!?!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:54:58 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ ahaha\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:55:16 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly awkwardly taps his fingers, looking at all of the clothes on the ground.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:55:23 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph now with a lucky dodge, he will attempt to evolve to Cirrusmon and try to grappe the Captain, so Cyrus can keep the other 'bold at check*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:55:30 PM] Cyrus\par
*ambiently rolls the kobold further flat*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:55:43 PM] Aleph\par
Longsword Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Sap. If you hit a creature with this weapon, that creature has Disadvantage on its next attack roll before the start of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage Versatile\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
Longsword Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Sap. If you hit a creature with this weapon, that creature has Disadvantage on its next attack roll before the start of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage Versatile\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:57:14 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
Lieutenant Dirk (1) leers up at the bird, flat\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:57:26 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
"And who are `you`?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:57:34 PM] Cyrus\par
*puts the rolling pin away and starts to walk all over the flat kobold*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:57:53 PM] Gamemaster\par
Cyrus does a table dance and lap dance at the same time\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:58:42 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly awkwardly coughs, clears his throat, and tugs on the collar of his robes.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:58:58 PM] Aleph\par
*Cirrusmon will try his best to keep the situation contained while grappling the big guy, and will try to use his wolf-ish gring to scare the Captain*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:59:37 PM] Aleph\par
who are you?! and what is going on here?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 5:59:48 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk looks at you with an unimpressed, and confused expression. He looks at the bird, then growls. "THAT IS WHAT I AM ASKING!!"\par
 \par
\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:00:51 PM] Aleph\par
wait... who are you then? are you with the kobolds or....? wait, you were cubed before... werent you?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:01:12 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
"Y'see, Drekk. That's the kind of predation and ferocity I want!" Dirk hisses happily as he points a flat claw up at Cyrus\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:01:31 PM] Cyrus\par
\'f2v\'f3\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:01:39 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk growls and folds his arms, then scowls at Aleph. "UN HAND ME, and GET OFF OF DIRK!!!!!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:01:45 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk ROARS angrily at Cyrus from Aleph's arms\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:01:54 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
"Why don't ya GET HIM off me?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:02:05 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus walks over to the grappled dragon and begins to roll him flat feet first with the rolling pin\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:03:28 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk gasps as Dirk gets knocked unconscious. Suddenly he huffs fire from his nostrils.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:03:44 PM] Aleph\par
*trying his best to keep the grapple* we only want answers, are you with the Kobolds?!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:05:05 PM] Cyrus\par
Rolling Pin Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
Equipped Not Proficient Effects\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:05:39 PM] Cyrus\par
Sneak Attack Feature\par
You know how to strike subtly and exploit a foe's distraction. Once per turn, you can deal an extra 1d6 damage to one creature you hit with an attack roll if you have Advantage on the roll and the attack uses a Finesse or a Ranged weapon. The extra damage's type is the same as the weapon's type.You don't need Advantage on the attack roll if at least one of your allies is within 5 feet of the target, the ally doesn't have the Incapacitated condition, and you don't have Disadvantage on the attack roll.The extra damage increases as you gain Rogue levels, as shown in the Sneak Attack column of the Rogue Features table.\par
Damage\par
Rogue 1 None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:06:08 PM] Cyrus\par
*rolls with glee*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:06:40 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk kicks his legs and thrashes his tail as he's flattened from the shins down. He kicks them filling back out\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:07:14 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk is half naked on the ground, being held pinned by the shoulders, with his armour and two swords on the ground, and one sword sheathed.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:07:30 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Giant Slayer Longsword Martial Melee\par
You gain a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon.When you hit a giant with it, the giant takes an extra 2d6 damage of the weapon's type and must succeed on a DC 15 Strength saving throw or fall prone. For the purpose of this weapon, "giant" refers to any creature with the giant type, including ettins and trolls.\par
Attack Damage Versatile DC 15 Strength Saving Throw Strength Saving Throw Other Formula\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:07:43 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk pulls his sword out and tries to stab at Cirrusmon\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:08:38 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Dancing Longsword Martial Melee\par
(Requires attunement)You can use a bonus action to toss this magic sword into the air and speak the command word. When you do so, the sword begins to hover, flies up to 30 feet, and attacks one creature of your choice within 5 feet of it. The sword uses your attack roll and ability score modifier to damage rolls.While the sword hovers, you can use a bonus action to cause it to fly up to 30 feet to another spot within 30 feet of you. As part of the same bonus action, you can cause the sword to attack one creature within 5 feet of it.After the hovering sword attacks for the fourth time, it flies up to 30 feet and tries to return to your hand. If you have no hand free, it falls to the ground at your feet. If the sword has no unobstructed path to you, it moves as close to you as it can and then falls to the ground. It also ceases to hover if you grasp it or move more than 30 feet away from it.\par
Attack Damage Versatile\par
1 Bonus Action 30 ft Attunement Required Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:09:04 PM] Gamemaster\par
A dancing sword rises from the ground and slashes at Aleph, but bounces off the armor\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:09:32 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly looks at the situation and whimpers quietly to himself. He excuses himself and climbs down the ladder.\par
 \par
[\par
[12/5/2024, 6:10:18 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly SCREAMS "AAAAA"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:10:44 PM] Aleph\par
Longsword Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Sap. If you hit a creature with this weapon, that creature has Disadvantage on its next attack roll before the start of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage Versatile\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:11:17 PM] Aleph\par
Divine Smite 1st Level \f1\bullet  Evocation\par
The target takes an extra 2d8 radiant damage from the attack. The damage increases by 1d8 if the target is a Fiend or an Undead.\par
Using a Higher-Level Spell Slot. The damage increases by 1d8 for each spell slot level above 1.\par
Damage\par
V 1 Bonus Action Self Self Instantaneous Effects\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:11:56 PM] Aleph\par
Longsword Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Sap. If you hit a creature with this weapon, that creature has Disadvantage on its next attack roll before the start of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage Versatile\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[\par
[12/5/2024, 6:12:18 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk flattens to the ground, a black sheet as the anvil disappears. He coughs weakly\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:12:29 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly screaming, climbing back up the ladder in a panic as two kobolds chase him\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:12:31 PM] Aleph\par
*Cirrusmon would try to do a Divine smite in the shape of an Anvil to see if we can flatten the Captain down with a holy anvil*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:15:44 PM] Cyrus\par
Rolling Pin Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
Equipped Not Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:16:00 PM] Cyrus\par
Sneak Attack Feature\par
You know how to strike subtly and exploit a foe's distraction. Once per turn, you can deal an extra 1d6 damage to one creature you hit with an attack roll if you have Advantage on the roll and the attack uses a Finesse or a Ranged weapon. The extra damage's type is the same as the weapon's type.You don't need Advantage on the attack roll if at least one of your allies is within 5 feet of the target, the ally doesn't have the Incapacitated condition, and you don't have Disadvantage on the attack roll.The extra damage increases as you gain Rogue levels, as shown in the Sneak Attack column of the Rogue Features table.\par
Damage\par
Rogue 1 None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:16:11 PM] Captain Drekk\par
Captain Drekk gasps as he's squashed completely thin\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:16:22 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus Cyrus rolls all over Drekk and squashes him completely flat :P\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:16:38 PM] Aleph\par
0//////0 is this how you looked like as well before Cyrus? >///< oh boy\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:17:05 PM] Cyrus\par
ehehe\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:17:26 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Breath Weapon - Red Feature\par
You can use your action to exhale destructive energy. Your draconic ancestry determines the size, shape, and damage type of the exhalation.When you use your breath weapon, each creature in the area of the exhalation must make a Dexterity saving throw. The DC for this saving throw equals 8 + your Constitution modifier + your proficiency bonus. A creature takes 2d6 fire damage on a failed save, and half as much damage on a successful one. The damage increases to 3d6 at 6th level, 4d6 at 11th level, and 5d6 at 16th level.After you use your breath weapon, you can't use it again until you complete a short or long rest.\par
Red Dragonborn None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:18:46 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) cackles pointing at Drekk\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:19:14 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) stomps in place, guffawing at Dirk "AHAHAHAHA, JUST ANOTHER NIGHT IN THE TOWER BOYS"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:19:32 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) folds his arms, looking at Cyrus and giving him and impressed nod. "Ya lifted their toy, huh?"\par
 \par
\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:20:21 PM] Cyrus\par
\f0\'f3v\'f2 w- wha\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:23:11 PM] Aleph\par
*Cirrusmon after standing on top of the pancaked dragonborn, he would just stare at them with his fists clenching and knuckle punching with a grin to scare them off, hopefully they trip the way down?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:24:17 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) look at you and grin, their eyes fall down to the dragonborn, and they non-chalantly walk in circles around you, inspecting their flat companions. "Damn, you guys did 'em dirty!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:24:27 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Friggin' splendid!!!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:24:57 PM] Archguard Hips (1)\par
Archguard Hips (1) calls from the lower deck, "The hell is going on up there?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:25:15 PM] Archguard Brock (1)\par
"Tell Dirk and Drekk to can it! The commune is busy at work"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:25:27 PM] Gamemaster\par
The kobolds in the courtyard walk back to their post\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:25:33 PM] Cyrus\par
*Whew*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:25:56 PM] Cyrus\par
G- glad you like it! Well, we'll just be going now >v>\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:26:23 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Nawh, we gotta like...stab ya, or put you back in jail or something."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:26:31 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"But you like, kicked our boss's ass"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:26:38 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Yeahhhh"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:26:46 PM] Lieutenant Dirk (1)\par
Lieutenant Dirk (1) slowly re-inflates, still unconscious.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:26:55 PM] Cyrus\par
Well, you can try, but you'll just end up like them :>\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:27:00 PM] Aleph\par
*glancing at the Kobolds and then back at Cyrus, whispering at him *Well... we wont have much answers from here but seems we have attracted every guard... guards that even love... what we did? @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:27:08 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"WE ARE HERE TO HELP YOU BARBARIANS!!!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:27:15 PM] Aleph\par
pretty much! *crackle knuckles*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:27:45 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Help us with WHAT?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:27:51 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Flattening our friends?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:27:59 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) snickers and walks over Drekk\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:28:14 PM] Cyrus\par
H- how about you let us go and we won't have to squash you too!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:28:39 PM] Aleph\par
*Cirrusmon would be kinda stammering a bit, stumped all silly, but then would gain composture* Well getting into here wasnt quite... welcoming at all, but yes we are trying to! but you kept squashing us very flat!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:29:28 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Not much else to do in a cave, y'know. Aside from eat mushrooms." He shrugs, then playfully jabs Aleph in the belly before Aleph shrinks back into a tiny digimon.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:29:46 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) looks at Aleph and chuckles. "Maayyybe we could take him on now?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:30:22 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) grins, but shakes his head no. "You should talk with the Archon...We'll take you so you stop causing trouble in our house."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:30:32 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"We don't really want ya flattening anybody besides those two dweebs."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:30:42 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) climbs down the ladder with Pokk following shortly after.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:31:19 PM] Cyrus\par
Hmm I suppose we could talk to him\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:31:36 PM] Cyrus\par
What do you think Aleph?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:31:49 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly looks over the flat kobold and dragonborn, then at Cyrus and Aleph. "This place is terrifying and confusing.."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:31:51 PM] Aleph\par
... uh oh @.@ *shrinks to his smol rookie size with his energy depleted for now, and blushes all sheepishly* oh! so... you did these because you were 0w0 bored... zwz.... i gotta say still your traps were, very breath taking no pun intended x3 but yes! we want to see the Archon\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:32:31 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Very bored! It sucks living in a cave, but the people outside hate us bolds."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:32:41 PM] Aleph\par
i promise we can try these traps more together, but not before we try to save you guys! ^w^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:32:53 PM] Cyrus\par
*whispers to Belzflee* do you want to hide somewhere when we speak with the Archon? just in case something goes wrong?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:33:13 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Ohhh? You WANT to try them? Yeahhh, the Archon will WANT to meet -you-" He grins over his shoulder up at Aleph\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:33:24 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"No...I should be there to help my friend, too!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:33:28 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"But thank you for considering!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:33:40 PM] Cyrus\par
I understand! We'll try t keep ya safe\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:36:06 PM] Gamemaster\par
You enter into a green marble path that stretches out into a bridge resting over a humid, lush patch of glowing shrooms and vegetation. Some of the shroom stalks stand 10 feet tall, their heads forming platforms on equal height with the bridge and their branches and siblings proving multiple platforms down to the lower levels.\tab Flagrant flowers assault your nostrils on each side, springing their attack from ornately carved stone beds. Immediately across from you on the other side of the courtyard are two kobold guards, feminine green and masculine blue with hammer and shield ready. They give you a wary leer and slowly step forward on the bridge in silence.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:36:30 PM] Gamemaster\par
As you travel across the courtyard the ground begins to shake! Dust and dirt fall in barely felt streams and form clouds at your ankles. Everyone in the temple takes a moment to rebalance themselves. A few pebble daintily bounce against the marble floor. A faint cry just barely breathes its way up from the ground, enveloping the atmosphere with a baleful aura. The sensation vanishes as the rumblings cease, and the warm pleasant glow of the shrooms and ceiling gems calms the courtyard once more.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:37:24 PM] Gamemaster\par
Cyrus: the dragon spirit inside of you calls back to the voice beneath the mountain. You feel a longing to return to it\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:37:33 PM] Aleph\par
...Hopefully we still have time *noticing the rumbles and all, but also trying to look around in awe*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:37:35 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:37:38 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) suspiciously looks over his shoulder at Cyrus.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:37:54 PM] Cyrus\par
*Whispers* We have to hurry, not sure how much time we have\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:37:59 PM] Archguard Hips (1)\par
Posted at the other end of the bridge is a green kobold with large wide hips and a giant mallet.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:38:15 PM] Archguard Brock (1)\par
Beside them is a blue bold with a large bronze tower shield\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:38:44 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
Boulder Buddy comes falling from the ceiling with a stream of stand\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:39:27 PM] Cyrus\par
EEEP-\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:39:32 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) yelps as he disappears beneath the boulder\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:39:40 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) chuckles and keeps walking\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:39:47 PM] Cyrus\par
Oh my gosh is- is he ok?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:39:59 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Nawhhh."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:02 PM] Aleph\par
.... whoa! 0w0i think he will be ok? after all they are very used to it!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:04 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:09 PM] Archguard Brock (1)\par
"He's fine..... MEEPO! ROCK DUTY!":\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:15 PM] Meepo (1)\par
Meepo (1) groans sadly\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:22 PM] Cyrus\par
gosh @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:34 PM] Cyrus\par
so this must happen a lot...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:46 PM] Gamemaster\par
"Been happening alot more lately, honestly"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:50 PM] Archguard Hips (1)\par
"Been happening alot more lately, honestly"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:52 PM] Aleph\par
dont know why but this seems to be the norm z///z *trying to hide his flustering x3*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:40:57 PM] Archguard Brock (1)\par
"Who the heck are these clowns?'\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:41:11 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) groans as Meepo steps over him\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:41:33 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"They're here to help with the uhhh..."Gestures to the boulder being pushed. "Those?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:41:36 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"Right?'\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:41:46 PM] Cyrus\par
A- ah, we're here to help! The mountain is collapsing!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:41:50 PM] Cyrus\par
Yes ^^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:42:08 PM] Cyrus\par
Everyone here seems to be in danger...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:42:13 PM] Archguard Hips (1)\par
"Pfft, Juna would never let anything happen to us. We'll be fine. The mountain's fine."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:42:37 PM] Archguard Brock (1)\par
Archguard Brock (1) rolls his eyes. "I dunno. Been harder to get a quiet night of sleep without rocks tumbling lately."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:42:50 PM] Cyrus\par
Ah is Juna your Archon?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:43:09 PM] Archguard Hips (1)\par
Archguard Hips (1) twists her face in a grotesque cringe, the snorts it out in a cackle. "PFFTAHAHAAHAHA NOOOO FRIGGIN WAY!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:43:21 PM] Cyrus\par
O- oh x)\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:43:26 PM] Archguard Brock (1)\par
Archguard Brock (1) snickers and shakes his head. "The Archon is about the furthest from the grace of the gods we can imagine."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:43:44 PM] Archguard Hips (1)\par
"Praise be upon him and his grand dominion"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:43:51 PM] Cyrus\par
Ooh I see ovo\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:44:02 PM] Archguard Brock (1)\par
Archguard Brock (1) grumbles and nods. "Yeah praise be blah blah"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:44:27 PM] Cyrus\par
W-well, may we speak with them? We'd like to help with this situation!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:44:39 PM] Aleph\par
Not even counting the constant rumbling and... falling rocks zwz but yes, you are all in big danger,so we need to stop whatever its causing these rumblings... think about it, no mountain... no more flattenings to do!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:44:40 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) stares at the door, patiently\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:45:06 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) walks up ast the group, a half-stump\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:45:14 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"A'ight, we're ready."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:45:18 PM] Cyrus\par
g- gosh\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:45:44 PM] Gamemaster\par
Past the metal door is more marble flooring with wooden stairs ascending to the right to the Archon's office. Tenets and declarations decorated the walls, framed and important along the steps. \tab Stone stairs descend to the left, swiveling back against itself to go even deeper once more into some mysterious darkness. A cold wind rushes up and rattles the wooden frames on the wall.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:46:04 PM] Ambling Chord\par
As you ascend the Archon's stairs your eyes peek past the gap beneath the door and glimpse a yellow shape which immediately trembles in response. \tab "Someone's coming...s-sir." It glumly groans from beyond the door.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:46:17 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Silence, sheetah!" A snooty voice puffs, followed by a pitter patter of steps approaching you. The door swings open, nearly taking your nose off, revealing a bronze, winged drakobold in layered, ornate blue and red robes, standing atop a flat, half naked cheetah rug.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:46:31 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Who are YOU, and what are you doing here?!" He demands, puffing up his chest and making use of his vantage point, but his small stature betrays his advantage. He produces from his sleeves two wands, then non-chalantly folds his arms before you, rods daintily dangling in his slender claws. \tab  "Hrmf! Well?!" He stomps in place impatiently, eliciting an ambivalent whimper from the rug.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:46:51 PM] Gamemaster\par
Zeep and Pokk take a quiet perch in the corner, watching with glee\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:47:02 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord is a flat rug on the ground, grumbling\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:47:08 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:48:07 PM] Cyrus\par
A- ah well Mr. Archon sir, we want to help with the mountain sagging!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:48:20 PM] Cyrus\par
It seems it's becoming a lot more dangerous around here lately\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:48:40 PM] Cyrus\par
Zeep and Pokk said we should speak with you\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:48:51 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"They beat up the cap'n"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:49:00 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
"And his baby boy"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:49:14 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) looks at the group, wide wary eyes, claws clenching his wands.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:49:25 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be looking around and be a bit taken back at the very angy 'bold Archon, but would then stand next to Cyrus and nods as he finishes*We had no choice as they were... bored... keeping us out to even tell you @.@ but, I have a proposition to you\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:49:36 PM] Cyrus\par
W- well, we thought that they would attack us\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:49:48 PM] Cyrus\par
We don't want to fight of course uvu\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:50:14 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) grumbles to himself, looking at the ground and at the group, his mind bouncing between ideas as he thinks.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:50:19 PM] Aleph\par
Let me and Cyrus test your prototypes and flattening traps, and if we do good and entertain you enough, you will evacuate your forces and help us with this threat ^w^ what do you say?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:51:09 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) looks up at Aleph with a strange gaze. His expression hides a deep meaning and interest, the dull glaze in his face disappears and a keenness shines in his eyes.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:51:37 PM] Cyrus\par
*A- Aleph, what are you getting us into!?*\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:51:47 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) grabs Aleph's grab and pinches his fur.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:51:59 PM] Aleph\par
m-maf 0w0 *is pinched*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:52:08 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) frowns and takes a step back. "Not the best pelt, compared to the ones I've enjoyed."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:52:25 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) inspects Cyrus and Belzflee with the same kind of....interest.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:52:31 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ meep\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:52:38 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly gulps and looks at Cyrus with a tense expression\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:52:51 PM] Guard Pokk (1)\par
Guard Pokk (1) snickers\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:52:52 PM] Cyrus\par
M- maybe I'd make a better...?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:52:57 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Boy I'm glad I brought them here"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:53:01 PM] Cyrus\par
...pelt? @v@\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:53:44 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would look at Cyrus all blushy x3*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:53:57 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) slowly drifts his leaning gaze away from the tall Belzflee towards Cyrus. He trips over the bird's toes as he moves to look at him, then gazes up with a renewed zeal.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:54:06 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Awh yeah, I'm totally gonna have to flatten ya for trippin' me, pal"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:54:19 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ a- ah!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:54:33 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) grins, now that he's established a justifiable reason in his mind.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:54:38 PM] Cyrus\par
L- let's talk about this-\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:54:51 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"So, what do I gotta give you for him?" He looks at Aleph, disregarding Cyrus as a person entirely.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:55:05 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) idly rubs and twists his claws into the cheetah's head.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:55:08 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ wh-\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:55:12 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"G-give us my friend Chord, please"!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:55:34 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"I'm talking to the blue guy, you birds are his pets I think. Shutup birdy"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:56:07 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
Guard Zeep (1) giggles and shakes his head, grinning at the group.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:56:21 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Tell me what you want for him."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:56:23 PM] Cyrus\par
*whimpers*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:56:30 PM] Aleph\par
*whispering* dont worry we will save ya.. if we are not too flat?ahem... all we need for us first to get in the deeper mountain, rescue this bird, he might be important for knowing the cause of the mountain's crumbling... and then deal with the cause deep down ^w^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:57:24 PM] Aleph\par
then! we can play for days here @.@ if we dont save your mountain,your tinkering will be over\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:57:39 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Oh, you wanna go in the basement?" He frowns and looks at the ground in disbelief. "Really? THERE?" He shakes his head and shrugs."Sure! I can give ya acess, but I gotta warn ya that it's pretty dangerous down there."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:58:15 PM] Aleph\par
if we managed that huge roller... @///@ i swear i still feel the ticklish flatness of it... i think we can manage down there!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:58:20 PM] Cyrus\par
Th- that would be great! I think something important is down there\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:58:28 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be shivering a bit but in a sheepish way xP*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 6:59:30 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) grins knowingly up at Aleph. "My Mag Mauler got ya?" He looks at Zeep and Pokk who confirm with a nod, and the Archon snickers and kicks the floor happily. "I told you guys it'd work!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:00:06 PM] Cyrus\par
You're the one who m- made that?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:00:21 PM] Cyrus\par
You're quite the engineer!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:00:26 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be a bit flustered hearing that >///<*.... y-you need to work a bit on the fluttering away part maybe, but it was intense yes!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:02:05 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) turns around and rummages through his desk, nodding at the compliments. "Awh, thanks. It's nothing, really. I just wish we had more space to work with."He turns around and pulls out a scroll, then hands it to Aleph. "This is an Unsealer. It'll open the door to the basement below. Once you go down there, the only way to fight the dark spirits off is by lighting the fires."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:02:52 PM] Cyrus\par
*nods* Thank you Mr. Archon!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:03:13 PM] Aleph\par
*holding on the scroll and nodding* we will save your mountain and beyond ^w^ and we will play after this,a paladin's promise!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:03:30 PM] Aleph\par
(no running away Cyrus huhhh x3)\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:08 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) looks at a piece of magical vellum and his inkwell of magical ink. He looks at Cyrus, and he visibly ponders a magical contract.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:14 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"W-what about my friend, Chord?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:21 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:29 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Ehh? Ohh, huh.."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:36 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"I'd really rather not give up my rug."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:51 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord seethes and whimpers on the floor. "YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:55 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"SOMEONE HELP ME AAAA"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:04:55 PM] Aleph\par
zwz honor your promise,chief...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:08 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) grumbles and folds his arms.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:10 PM] Aleph\par
besides you will have us!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:20 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Oh?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:24 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) squints at Belzflee.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:33 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly gulps blinks at Aleph "W-what!?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:39 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"YES YOU CAN HAVE HIM TAKE BELZFLEE PLEASE"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:45 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"EXCUSE ME WHAAAAT?!?!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:50 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"It's a deal!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:05:59 PM] Cyrus\par
W- wait wha @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:06:03 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
He steps forward on Chord, his hand igniting in blue flame as he holds it out to Aleph for a shake\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:06:20 PM] Aleph\par
ppst dont worry, we will find a way x3\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:06:40 PM] Aleph\par
for now,we need to save this place or it will get much worse!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:06:48 PM] Cyrus\par
Oh gods...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:06:58 PM] Cyrus\par
TvT\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:07:04 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) wriggles his hand out to Aleph, smiling\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:07:27 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I-I protest!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:08:02 PM] Cyrus\par
S- surely I'm fluffy enough, you don't need to take Belzflee too\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:08:18 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"The people are talking, fluffy feathers"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:08:29 PM] Cyrus\par
B- but-\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:08:32 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:09:14 PM] Cyrus\par
*whispers to Aleph* L- let's not involve Belzflee...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:09:58 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) grumbles and stomps in place, impatiently.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:11:11 PM] Aleph\par
well... remember my condition, they need to be with us as well so they can help us locate the source. so no squishing them yet! if that is okay... *shakes hands with a small Cinnamon stick on his pawpad*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:11:36 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"C'mon man, it hurts my hand to bun it this-" He sighs as he finally shakes it, the cinnamonstick bursting into flames as well. Your own hand burns blue, and the fire spreads to your arm.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:11:46 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Finally, gosh. Watch out, that shit will spread."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:12:09 PM] Aleph\par
*tries to wiggle his arm all silly to put the fire off, all toonishly wiggling and all!*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:12:10 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly blinks and looks at Aleph as the fire crawls along his fur\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:12:26 PM] Aleph\par
whoa @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:12:39 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"Alright, go. I'm gonna send Zeep and Pokk after you two if you don't come back though"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:12:46 PM] Cyrus\par
I- I hope we don't regret this TvT\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:12:50 PM] Aleph\par
*looking at Belzflee and Chord with a smile, hopefully this will work*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:12:53 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
Archon Kruger (1) leans on the desk and grins at the group happily\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:13:04 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord huffs and crawls towards Aleph, reaching up for help\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:13:13 PM] Cyrus\par
We'll do our best Mr Archon\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:13:48 PM] Aleph\par
*trying to help Chord by picking him up from his rug state and flopping them like a blanket to help them pop back?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:14:29 PM] Guard Zeep (1)\par
"Alright, we're heading back to the front gate, and we'll check on our flat fratties in the tower."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:15:02 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord pops back to normal and hugs the group and Belzflee happily, tail wagging.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:15:12 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"God, let's save this mountain and get the heck out of here!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:15:18 PM] Cyrus\par
Ehehe ^^ yea!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:15:20 PM] Archon Kruger (1)\par
"And come back, of course" He smiles.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:15:26 PM] Cyrus\par
Eep-\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:15:40 PM] Cyrus\par
R- right\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:15:44 PM] Aleph\par
thats a paladin promise!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:16:49 PM] Gamemaster\par
This open book has a quill lying on it, pooling a blotch of ink at the end of the phrase, "Punished Prisoner - Archon Kruger". It's the last entry. Everything above is written in a list format, each signed by the temple's inhabitant with each page being dated. Reading in reverse order, going up from the interrogation the list reads:"Tower Duty - Drekk & Dirk" Different handwriting has scratched "Keep it quiet next time" next to it."Altar Braziers - Meepo""Doorway Duty - Zeep & Pok""Spore Hoarding - Meepo""Interrogated Prisoner - Archon Kruger""Entourage - Hips & Brock""Chef - Jaydii""Root Scooping - Hips""Rock Removal - Drekk"It goes to previous days, detailing their communal duties and lifestyle.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:16:56 PM] Gamemaster\par
This open book has a quill resting in its inkwell. The page is almost completely full, and the writing within is less organised, more emotionally charged. Glancing around at it, it simply seems to be a community forum for writing observations. Though half of the temple dwellers have taken to using this book as a fun lark for running a rumor mill. \tab "Drekk & Dirk getting messy in the dirt"\tab "Archord? Really??"\tab "Has anyone checked the Seal lately?"\tab "Anybody else hear ghosts?"\tab "Kruger's creepy, he keeps visiting the prison" "-I AM PERFORMING IMPORTANT INTERROGATIONS FOR OUR SAFETY"\tab "Someone stole my broom"\tab "We've got alot of amethyst piling up. Why? Did we find a vein?"\tab "I get scared by the sound of pounding on the roof when I'm sleeping. It's getting worse..."\tab "Dirk is a dom daddy"\tab It goes on...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:18:34 PM] Gamemaster\par
By the time you two finish reading, you see Dirk and Drekk scowling at you from the tower\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:18:44 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:18:51 PM] Cyrus\par
I have to apologize to them later..\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:18:53 PM] Aleph\par
well that was one of a kind info! i be glad at least we are in some kind of right track? @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:19:09 PM] Cyrus\par
Yea!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:19:19 PM] Aleph\par
we will and we will save their home x3 thry were only trying to protect it... and also not be bored?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:19:49 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"My name's Chord, by the way. Ambling Chord. I'm a cleric!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:20:04 PM] Cyrus\par
Nice to meet you Chord ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:20:07 PM] Gamemaster\par
The group of you descend down the stone stairs from the Archon's office, into the depths of the temple and mountain\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:20:20 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Yes...Thanks for STUFFING ME IN THE WALL, JERK:"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:20:39 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"I friggin' saved you from perverse torments you can't even dream of, you hush up"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:20:48 PM] Cyrus\par
Oh gosh @v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:20:56 PM] Aleph\par
honor is mine! hope this bargain didnt scare you off! Cyrus and i will be the ones coming back... so rest assured, we only need to do something about that magical contract xwx;\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:21:54 PM] Gamemaster\par
You step down the stone stairs and a chill rises within you with your descension. Dark shadows choke the lights around you and the walls and ceiling high above you vanish in the dark. You feel them hanging over you, but see nothing but blackness, trapping you within their looming shade. \tab\par
You turn the corner and continue down, the steps becoming a brief shaft of blackness before giving way to a blue gradient. The grains of the stone glint ever so scarcely with a cyan shimmer in the distance, some kind of blue light.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:22:01 PM] Aleph\par
be on the lookout!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:22:21 PM] Gamemaster\par
The mountain groans, shaking you all with it like a scratchy throat irritated by bacteria. The rocks scream by grinding invisibly beyond the walls in protest of your approach. Something bursts somewhere beyond the walls in the distance and a torrent of water can be felt gushing around in the depths. The earth shifts, the steps shake and rumble. But you safely make it below without incident.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:22:31 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"!!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:22:45 PM] Cyrus\par
W- what was that!?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:22:49 PM] Cyrus\par
We should hurry...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:22:55 PM] Gamemaster\par
Before you stands a pedestaled portal made of a white moonstone surrounding a blue shimmering boundary that covers the archway. The boundary oscillates and wobbles organically as if a deep ocean current were twisting within it, despite being only a paper thin veil before an ordinary metal & marble doorway. On each side of it are lit braziers\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:23:30 PM] Cyrus\par
Hmm\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:23:36 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord looks at the altars, frowning at the one with the red fire in front of it.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:23:38 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Ugh..."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:23:51 PM] Gamemaster\par
Before you is an altar with many fresh and stale baked goods, vegetables, and fruits. Above the altar is a mural of giant green snake with a colony of green kobolds living on her, within a giant tree. A few gems and coins are collected in an ornately decorated and intricately woven bowl. Flower petals sprinkle the surface and single candle is left unlit atop the altar.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:23:52 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be very surprised to see this architecture and this doorway of marble, he would try to see if he can detect magic around it too?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:24:19 PM] Cyrus\par
>v>\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:24:34 PM] Aleph\par
this must be it then... you ready?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:24:34 PM] Cyrus\par
*Cyrus tries to steal some of the loot on the altar when noone is looking*\par
 \par
\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:25:40 PM] Cyrus\par
Your offering is humbly accepted by the spirit of Juna. Perhaps she has responded to you.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:25:46 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph was oblivious as he was still in awe xD*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:26:29 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord inspects the braziers and altar art\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:26:31 PM] Cyrus\par
Very interesting altars\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:26:40 PM] Cyrus\par
*nods*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:26:49 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I don't really see these gods in any art topside"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:27:03 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Guess we're ready?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:27:09 PM] Cyrus\par
Yes, let's continue\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:27:27 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would nod and he would use the scroll in front of the arcway*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:27:33 PM] Gamemaster\par
As the Unsealer makes contact with the shimmering blue barrier it dissolves in a fizzling noise, bubbles and sparkles fly out of it as it melts away to reveal a plain metal door with rust encroaching between the cracks and beneath.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:28:15 PM] Cyrus\par
I wonder what this barrier was sealing off...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:28:48 PM] Aleph\par
only one way to find out... if they had it sealed, we better be prepared\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:28:55 PM] Gamemaster\par
The door immediately slams shut behind you, the seal re-establishing itself with a zapping noise. Cold wind is constantly rushing with a humid mist around you and slowly the noise of rushing water overtakes your senses as you venture deeper. The ceiling is full of resilient mushroom roots, some glowing with a life as they dangle. Pebbles and rock sift and fall.\tab You come upon a bowed bridge with a pile of rocks resting atop it as it precariously stretches from cliff to cliff above dark rapids.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:29:12 PM] Dragon Phantom (2)\par
Beside you is an unlit, unfueled brazier. Rising from the unlit brazier is a phantom! It rushes in to grab you! It lunges at Cyrus!!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:29:26 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord shrieks in terror!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:29:32 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Squas and covers his face!"\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:30:26 PM] Cyrus\par
Whew!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:30:30 PM] Cyrus\par
^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:30:46 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus now contains 2 dragon spirits\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:30:48 PM] Aleph\par
the dragon is back! wait did he.... 0w0 nevermind, be on the lookout! hhmmm what if...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:30:55 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"W-what was that!?"\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:31:29 PM] Gamemaster\par
These creatures are from the Shadowfell, is what your god intimates to you\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:31:37 PM] Gamemaster\par
They might be weak to sunlight and radiance\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:32:10 PM] Aleph\par
*i share this to everyone* I have an idea...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:32:15 PM] Cyrus\par
Oooh noo TvT\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:32:18 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Should we light the braziers?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:32:35 PM] Cyrus\par
Yes, I think Mr. Archon mentioned we need to light them\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:32:56 PM] Aleph\par
Protection from Evil and Good 1st Level \f1\bullet  Abjuration\par
Until the spell ends, one willing creature you touch is protected against creatures that are Aberrations, Celestials, Elementals, Fey, Fiends, or Undead. The protection grants several benefits. Creatures of those types have Disadvantage on attack rolls against the target. The target also can't be possessed by or gain the Charmed or Frightened conditions from them. If the target is already possessed, Charmed, or Frightened by such a creature, the target has Advantage on any new saving throw against the relevant effect.\par
Materialsa flask of Holy Water worth 25+ GP, which the spell consumes V, S, M Concentration 1 Action 1 Creature Touch 10 Minutes Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:33:28 PM] Dragon Phantom (2)\par
Dragon spirits are forced out of Cyrus as the spell is placed on him, and they immediately evaporate upon expungement\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:33:42 PM] Cyrus\par
Whew, thanks Aleph!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:33:45 PM] Dragon Phantom (2)\par
Dragon Phantom (2) screeches as it reduces into a wispy tendril on the ground\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:33:46 PM] Aleph\par
We will keep this phantom busy, so light up the braziers!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:33:50 PM] Dragon Phantom (2)\par
Wispy Tendril Loot\par
It burns with a sick loneliness.\par
Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:34:09 PM] Gamemaster\par
You have 2 wispy tendrils\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:34:31 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus leans over and lights the torch near him\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:35:31 PM] Gamemaster\par
The brazier catches the fire, but doesn't hold it at all.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:35:40 PM] Gamemaster\par
The purple charcoals inside refuse to cling to the fire\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:35:53 PM] Gamemaster\par
As you use your lantern, it doesn't light the flames either.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:36:02 PM] Gamemaster\par
The tinderbox fails to light the brazier as well.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:36:13 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord grumbles and looks at the brazier. "Is it just too damp in here?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:36:19 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"There are alot of rapids..."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:36:20 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would try to remember something about these fires*\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:37:23 PM] Gamemaster\par
Looking at the Brazier, draconic glyphs and runes are inscribed in the metal, and the charcoals themselves are a very special kind, slightly purple\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:37:28 PM] Gamemaster\par
They only catch magical flames\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:37:54 PM] Aleph\par
i knew it... they are basically magical, we might need a special way to ignite them\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:38:03 PM] Cyrus\par
Oh! Chord, Belzflee, do either of you have any sources of magical flame?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:38:16 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord holds his palm up and produces a ball of fire in it.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:38:23 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly throws a fire bolt into the brazier.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:38:29 PM] Cyrus\par
Thank you both ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:38:43 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Can you two not use fire magic??"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:38:51 PM] Cyrus\par
I cannot\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:39:39 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"Why would they send someone into a cave who can't use fire magic? I....that doesn't make any...nevermind"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:39:46 PM] Aleph\par
*will attempt to use one of the Javelins to poke a rock so they fall from the hanging bridge and help it o be more stable?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:39:51 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly hops and flutters awkwardly in the air across the gap\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:40:24 PM] Cyrus\par
Aleph! I'm going to throw my rope over to you\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:40:42 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord uses his feline agility to LEAP across and land on Aleph, nearly flattening him\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:40:45 PM] Aleph\par
got it! ready here\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:40:51 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"oops, sorry"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:40:59 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:41:03 PM] Aleph\par
aaaa @.@ its ok!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:41:02 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus ties his (flat) hempen rope around himself and then throws the other end over to Aleph\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:41:34 PM] Aleph\par
*will attempt to catch it!*\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:42:02 PM] Cyrus\par
I'll try to hop over but you can pull me up if it breaks\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:42:26 PM] Gamemaster\par
The bridge snaps as you land on it, weakened from Aleph's traversal.\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:43:03 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ Th- thanks!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:43:12 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Whuff! Good job!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:43:32 PM] Cyrus\par
:D\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:44:36 PM] Cyrus\par
Hope no more of those sortsa bridges around here >v>\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:44:46 PM] Gamemaster\par
The center island is a hump you have to crawl over the top of\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:44:54 PM] Aleph\par
i think i prefer squishings taps so much than this @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:45:37 PM] Cyrus\par
I'll pass the rope back down or you folks\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:45:44 PM] Gamemaster\par
Cresting atop the rocky terrain you feel the entire cave rumble, then feel sand and pebbles slam into your forehead. A big rock is about to fall!! Make a dexterity saving throw, DC 13 to not get squashed beneath it!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:45:47 PM] Aleph\par
all ready here! ^w^\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:46:19 PM] Gamemaster\par
The boulder smashes into pieces on the ground as Cyrus dodges.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:46:17 PM] Cyrus\par
Oh gosh @v@ watch out!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:46:31 PM] Cyrus\par
Cyrus lets his rope down to help the others up\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:46:36 PM] Aleph\par
w-woooh well i take what i said back! @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:46:39 PM] Gamemaster\par
A phantom spirit rises out from the pieces of rock, but is immediatelly repelled by Aleph's spell\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:46:47 PM] Dragon Phantom (2)\par
Dragon Phantom (2) hisses as it evaporates\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:47:16 PM] Gamemaster\par
Between you and the next safe terrain is a dark river. Beyond the terrain you glimpse a distant red glow, and the shimmering foam of even more rushing water to accompany it. Above the river are long, thick roots, pronged into two mossy looking tendrils. Resting plunged who knows how loosely in the water are 3 rocks, each in jumping distance of each other, but they form a wet bridge.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:47:24 PM] Aleph\par
... may you rest in peace in the Light,spirit\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:47:54 PM] Cyrus\par
I'm quite light, maybe I should try first\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:48:04 PM] Cyrus\par
Let's have ytou hold the rope here\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:48:18 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I'll light the brazier ahead since you guys can't"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:48:27 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Fire Bolt Cantrip \bullet  Evocation\par
You hurl a mote of fire at a creature or object within range. Make a ranged spell attack against the target. On a hit, the target takes 1d10 fire damage. A flammable object hit by this spell ignites if it isn't being worn or carried.This spell's damage increases by 1d10 when you reach 5th level (2d10), 11th level (3d10), and 17th level (4d10).\par
V, S Action 120 ft Instantaneous Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:48:31 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:48:38 PM] Aleph\par
sounds like a plan!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:48:39 PM] Cyrus\par
Thanks, now we can see\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:50:26 PM] Dragon Phantom (2)\par
Dragon Phantom (2) rises up automatically and becomes a wispy tendrils in your arms\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:51:08 PM] Gamemaster\par
All four wispy tendrils in your hands ache with a desire to burn. Your hand naturally grips them, not ready to release them to -this fire-.\par
\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:51:50 PM] Cyrus\par
You guys can come across now!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:52:32 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph will try to hold it so others can come across and all and will tie up the optehr rope as safety on his wait*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:52:35 PM] Aleph\par
*waist\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:53:00 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly flutters his way across like a bird does\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:53:23 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord gestures to Aleph. "You first"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:53:30 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Paladins before Clerics"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:53:46 PM] Aleph\par
stay safe friend ^w^ *attempts to cross with the rope*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:54:36 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord lands on top of Aleph, flattening him\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:54:38 PM] Cyrus\par
Whew\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:54:40 PM] Cyrus\par
O- oh!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:54:45 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Thanks for the catch"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:55:06 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@ *tries to peel Aleph up*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:55:19 PM] Aleph\par
aaaa @.@ *is all flattened face down after landing... and even more after CHord landed on top... but does a floppy thumbs up, trying to stand up flat all dizzy x3*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:55:26 PM] Gamemaster\par
Before you all is a slope you must crest, with an ominous red glow lighting up hundreds of fang-like stalactites in the distant ceiling just over it. Something in the distance screams in rage and pain. A black tendril erupts from the unknown source, slashing at the cavern walls and cutting a dozen stalactites away and one pillar. The entire mountain shakes once more...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:55:29 PM] Aleph\par
*is easier as well with Cyrus helping x3*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:55:28 PM] Cyrus\par
x)\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:56:10 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly gulps and adjusts his collar.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:56:13 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly points at Cyrus' hand. "what's with the stringy things?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:56:28 PM] Cyrus\par
Looks like the dragon spirits are leaving these behind\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:56:40 PM] Cyrus\par
they feel hot and ready to burn\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:57:04 PM] Aleph\par
@.@ we have been warding off for a bit, but i think we are getting closeer to the source *trying to keep balance all flat*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:57:25 PM] Cyrus\par
Have you seen them before Belzflee? or know what they might be?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:58:41 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly shakes his head and grumbles. "Maybe the kobolds up above would've known something."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:58:51 PM] Cyrus\par
Ah true...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:58:58 PM] Cyrus\par
well we'll just have to make do\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:59:06 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Ohh, Kruger complains about the shadow dragon down here all of the time. Those are remnants of the Shadowfell."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:59:24 PM] Cyrus\par
The Shadowfell @v@ sounds scary\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:59:34 PM] Cyrus\par
is that a deity of theirs?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:59:36 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"The whole point of lighting the braziers down here to help ward off against those spirits...but he's been..." Chord blushes and clears his throata few times. "Really busy lately"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 7:59:49 PM] Cyrus\par
ah I see\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:00:51 PM] Cyrus\par
Let's keep going then! We must be close\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:01:04 PM] Cyrus\par
2 lit already!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:01:09 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph will try to pop back to normal by blowing on his thumb x3*Well they might complain but also they did nothing as it was sealed, so maybe it was out of their control? We need to watch out\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:01:12 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"May I see the tendrils?" He holds his hand out\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:01:21 PM] Cyrus\par
true!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:01:25 PM] Cyrus\par
and sure *hands them over*\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:02:15 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord hands two back to Aleph and 2 to Cyrus.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:02:31 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"These will produce magical flame from regular fire."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:02:42 PM] Aleph\par
this will be handy! ^w^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:02:47 PM] Cyrus\par
ah that makes sense!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:02:54 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"...And I'd prefer if we set them ablaze anyway...they're evil things." He sighs\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:03:02 PM] Cyrus\par
for sure\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:03:05 PM] Cyrus\par
thanks for the info ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:04:58 PM] Gamemaster\par
Traveling up the slope you get close to the ceiling and brush up against the many dying mushroom roots. Tiny benign clouds of spores brush off of them, and despite the state of the roots a small colony of shrooms has grown along the ridge you walk. Mist constantly splashes your face as the rapids slam into the ridgeway. It begins descending and you finally come upon the sight of the Dark Chamber.\tab A large circular platform stands nearly pristine amidst the violent waters, encapsulated by a thin merlot bubble. Four unlit, purple braziers rest on each pathway to the center of the platform. Five moonstone pillars with draconic visages stretch out from them pointed at a large moonstone pedestal with a pile of gems spread across it. Beneath the gems is a vibrant purple runic circle, complex in design and obscured.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:05:11 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Resting atop the pile of gems is a feral dragonoid wrapped in violent shadows that twist and bend across his figure like fire. It circles across the pile then matches eyes with you. It screams, the shadows around it forming a secondary, larger draconic visage that scream with it. A beam of shadows erupts from their maw and crashes in an explosion against the merlot barrier. The shadow dragon moans in despair and hatred, cursing its state, cursing that its beam couldn't reach you. It seems exhausted after that atttack and can't bring itself to stand.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:06:22 PM] Cyrus\par
W- what is that! It's huge!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:06:49 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph tries to rememebr his paladin training days to see if he can remember something*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:06:58 PM] Cyrus\par
This must be causing the mountain to crumble..\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:07:26 PM] Gamemaster\par
This is some monstrous dragon of shadow. All you can immediately tell is that it's evil, and that your god hates it\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:07:58 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon snarls and huffs a cone of acid and fire into the air, it blasts against the dome shield\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:08:00 PM] Aleph\par
... we need to stop them, no matter what. or this mountain, or even thge region will be doomed\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:08:40 PM] Cyrus\par
Thank you!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:08:47 PM] Aleph\par
Bless 1st Level \bullet  Enchantment\par
You bless up to three creatures within range. Whenever a target makes an attack roll or a saving throw before the spell ends, the target adds 1d4 to the attack roll or save.\par
Using a Higher-Level Spell Slot. You can target one additional creature for each spell slot level above 1.\par
Other Formula\par
Materialsa Holy Symbol worth 5+ GP V, S, M Concentration 1 Action 1 Creature 30 ft 1 Minutes Effects\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:10:02 PM] Cyrus\par
We must have to burn the tendrils in these torches\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:10:21 PM] Cyrus\par
but will it release the dragon? TvT\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:10:47 PM] Aleph\par
we will go with the Light's blessing,we have a promise to keep ^w^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:10:48 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord grips his amulet to his chest and takes several deep breaths\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:11:02 PM] Cyrus\par
let's all burn one\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:11:28 PM] Cyrus\par
*hands one of my tendrils to Chord*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:11:47 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord holds it and hands one to Belzflee. He points at the braziers on the platform.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:12:01 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"I'll go for a far brazier, since I'm so quick."\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:12:18 PM] Gamemaster\par
The water here is fierce and threatens to swipe your pants off of you should they catch your leg. It's at least a 10 foot leap to get within the guardrails of the submerged staircase. It's a 20 foot swim to get across. How will you get to the platform?\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:16:37 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I'll go for the brazier close to the stairs!!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:16:41 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I can fly to it"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:16:43 PM] Cyrus\par
ok!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:16:53 PM] Aleph\par
We will go this way then! stay safe!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:17:07 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon growls and hisses, preparing his breath for the enemy\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:17:27 PM] Cyrus\par
On the count of 3, let's all go in and try to light them\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:17:45 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
3\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:17:47 PM] Ambling Chord\par
2\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:17:50 PM] Cyrus\par
1\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:18:03 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly waits to watch the others enter first, trembling in fear\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:18:04 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph getting ready with the tendrils on pawhands*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:20:13 PM] Gamemaster\par
The merlot bubble eagarly absorbs you into it, a suction overtakes you entire body and you're immediately placed within the boundary. The moment life enters the bubble the entire platform begins to shake with rage.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:20:19 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
The shadow dragon snarls as it wills itself against its exhaustion to stand against this visitor. It inspects you with a glare, conserving its energy as it leans back on its hind legs...It appears to have once been humanoid, but is clearly feral and looms at 12 feet tall and 4 feet wide, its thick tail stretching for another 15 feet.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:20:25 PM] Gamemaster\par
Now inside the boundary you can see clearly into the waters within the platform are an unusual blood red, with cosmic imagery buried infinitely deep within. A shoot star travels within the pools and crashes into some stellar object. Before you can question what you see an ear piercing roar erupts from the beast, and the waters you were gazing at now ripple as...something begins to rise from within them in answer to the summons.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:20:42 PM] Dark Tendril (2)\par
Dark Tendril (2) rises from the depths\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:20:58 PM] Dark Tendril (2)\par
Dark Tendril (2) threatens and curls at Aleph\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:21:41 PM] Cyrus\par
Shortbow Simple Ranged\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action 80 / 320 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:22:07 PM] Aleph\par
I am going to distract the dragon!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:22:13 PM] Cyrus\par
Handy Hook Simple Ranged\par
This magic hand-crossbow has been modified with something akin to a fishing reel fastened to some clockwork grinding against some casing that glows between the cracks. An elastic, black cord is attached to a 5 pronged mechanical head attached to a thick metal shaft.When you make a ranged attack with this weapon and hit a creature, you both must make contesting Strength Checks, the loser is pulled to the others.When you make a ranged attack with this weapon and roll a critical failure, roll a d10, you're going somewhere new.\par
Attack Damage DC 10 Strength Saving Throw Strength Saving Throw\par
None Equipped Proficient Effects Handy Hook None\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:22:19 PM] Cyrus\par
Handy Hook Simple Ranged\par
This magic hand-crossbow has been modified with something akin to a fishing reel fastened to some clockwork grinding against some casing that glows between the cracks. An elastic, black cord is attached to a 5 pronged mechanical head attached to a thick metal shaft.When you make a ranged attack with this weapon and hit a creature, you both must make contesting Strength Checks, the loser is pulled to the others.When you make a ranged attack with this weapon and roll a critical failure, roll a d10, you're going somewhere new.\par
Attack Damage DC 10 Strength Saving Throw Strength Saving Throw\par
None Equipped Proficient Effects Handy Hook None\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:22:35 PM] Cyrus\par
Shortbow Simple Ranged\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action 80 / 320 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:23:04 PM] Dark Tendril (2)\par
Dark Tendril (2) shrieks and curls into the arrow, sinking back into the water for a time.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:25:03 PM] Aleph\par
Stay clear!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:25:20 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Sacred Flame Cantrip \bullet  Evocation\par
Flame-like radiance descends on a creature that you can see within range. The target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 1d8 radiant damage. The target gains no benefit from cover for this saving throw.The spell's damage increases by 1d8 when you reach 5th level (2d8), 11th level (3d8), and 17th level (4d8).\par
Damage DC 11 Dexterity Saving Throw Dexterity Saving Throw\par
V, S 1 Action 1 Creature 60 ft Instantaneous Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:26:02 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord shreiks, causing light to erupt from his face and fur, making the tendril retreat in terror. He grabs his face in disbelief\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:28:13 PM] Aleph\par
Compelled Duel 2nd Level \bullet  Enchantment\par
You try to compel a creature into a duel. One creature that you can see within range makes a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed save, the target has Disadvantage on attack rolls against creatures other than you, and it can't willingly move to a space that is more than 30 feet away from you.The spell ends if you make an attack roll against a creature other than the target, if you cast a spell on an enemy other than the target, if an ally of yours damages the target, or if you end your turn more than 30 feet away from the target.\par
DC 10 Wisdom Saving Throw Wisdom Saving Throw\par
V Concentration 1 Bonus Action 1 Creature 30 ft 1 Minutes Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:30:31 PM] Dark Tendril (3)\par
Dark Tendril (3) slaps Aleph in the face\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:30:35 PM] Dark Tendril (3)\par
Shadow Swipe Feature\par
Slap\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action Enemy 10 ft Effects Shadow Swipe None\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:31:04 PM] Gamemaster\par
The two dead tendrils revive and reset in their spot\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:31:31 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon looks around angrily, seeing nothing is nearby it to attack. IT SCREEEAAAAMMMSS, summoning friends\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:31:35 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Tulpamancy Feature\par
Spirits be with me\par
Summon\par
Lair Action None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:31:54 PM] Dragon Phantom (3)\par
Three dragon phantoms appear\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:32:15 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly shrieks as a DRagon phantom kisses him on the beak and hugs him, disappearing into his lungs\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:32:40 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly flutters awkwardly into the battlefield, puffing and terrified.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:32:55 PM] Aleph\par
watch out Belzflee!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:32:57 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"OH MY GOD WHAT AM I DOING AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:33:08 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly throws the wispy tendril into the brazier and then shoots a fire-bolt into it.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:33:24 PM] Gamemaster\par
The brazier, combined with the wispy tendril, ignites at FULL STRENGTH immediately\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:33:29 PM] Cyrus\par
Great job Belzflee!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:33:40 PM] Aleph\par
look at you so brave! im proud!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:33:46 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly screams in terror as the flames become a giant purple pillar of fire\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:33:53 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon hisses and recoils, barking at the light\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:34:41 PM] Cyrus\par
Shortbow Simple Ranged\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action 80 / 320 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:35:11 PM] Dark Tendril (1)\par
Dark Tendril (1) screeches as the arrow, guided by the purifying light, strikes the tendril and disintegrates it permanently\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:35:24 PM] Aleph\par
woohoo!\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:36:21 PM] Dark Tendril (4)\par
Shadow Swipe Feature\par
Slap\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action Enemy 10 ft Effects Shadow Swipe None\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:38:15 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would try to attack the tendril first at least once to see if he can get rid of it*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:39:01 PM] Aleph\par
Channel Divinity Feature\par
You can channel divine energy directly from the Outer Planes, using it to fuel magical effects. You start with one such effect: Divine Sense, which is described below. Other Paladin features give additional Channel Divinity effect options. Each time you use this class's Channel Divinity, you choose which effect from this class to create.You can use this class's Channel Divinity twice. You regain one of its expended uses when you finish a Short Rest, and you regain all expended uses when you finish a Long Rest. You gain an additional use when you reach Paladin level 11.If a Channel Divinity effect requires a saving throw, the DC equals the spell save DC from this class's Spellcasting feature.Divine Sense\par
Paladin 3 Special None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:39:14 PM] Aleph\par
Longsword Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Sap. If you hit a creature with this weapon, that creature has Disadvantage on its next attack roll before the start of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage Versatile\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:40:34 PM] Aleph\par
lets keep this!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:40:37 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon SCREECHES in response to the second pillar being lit.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:40:42 PM] Cyrus\par
OvO\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:40:52 PM] Dark Tendril (2)\par
Dark Tendril (2) rushes over and tries to grab Aleph\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:41:36 PM] Dark Tendril (4)\par
Dark Tendril (4) tries to grab Chord\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:41:45 PM] Dark Tendril (4)\par
Shadow Swipe Feature\par
Slap\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action Enemy 10 ft Effects Shadow Swipe None\par
[12/5/2024, 8:43:03 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon turns to look at Aleph who just lit the pillar and killed a tendril\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:43:11 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon inhales deeply beefore asking Aleph to kindly die.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:43:13 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
WRATH BLAST Feature\par
I want you to die.Prone from exhaustion until next round on use.\par
Attack Damage\par
Action None Effects\par
[12/5/2024, 8:43:51 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon bleches a rail of necrotic energy into Aleph, disintigrating parts of his armor\par
[12/5/2024, 8:44:51 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly hopelessly pounds on the barrier, trying to escape\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:45:01 PM] Aleph\par
don't despair Belzflee!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:45:02 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Tulpamancy Feature\par
Spirits be with me\par
Summon\par
Lair Action None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:46:18 PM] Cyrus\par
Rolling Pin Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Vex. If you hit a creature with this weapon and deal damage to the creature, you have Advantage on your next attack roll against that creature before the end of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:46:53 PM] Dark Tendril (4)\par
Dark Tendril (4) FLATTENS MID-AIR, ALL OF ITS TENDRILS COMPRESSING AT THE POINT WHERE THE ROLLING PIN HIT IT BEFORE IT DISAPPEARS, LIKE Z-COMPRESSION\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:48:27 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord with the tendril in hand grips it, then looks at the Shadow Dragon and starts skipping towards it with a purple glow trailing in his eyes.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:48:44 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord runs up and leaps into the dragon, hugging it deeply!\par
[12/5/2024, 8:52:27 PM] Aleph\par
Shining Smite 2nd Level \bullet  Transmutation\par
The target hit by the strike takes an extra 2d6 radiant damage from the attack. Until the spell ends, the target sheds Bright Light in a 5-foot radius, attack rolls against it have Advantage, and it can't benefit from the Invisible condition.\par
Using a Higher-Level Spell Slot. The damage increases by 1d6 for each spell slot level above 2.\par
Damage\par
V Concentration 1 Bonus Action Self Self 1 Minutes Effects\par
[12/5/2024, 8:52:55 PM] Aleph\par
Longsword Martial Melee\par
Mastery: Sap. If you hit a creature with this weapon, that creature has Disadvantage on its next attack roll before the start of your next turn.\par
Attack Damage Versatile\par
1 Action 5 ft Equipped Proficient Effects\par
[12/5/2024, 8:53:30 PM] Aleph\par
Face me now! give me my squish death i deserve!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:53:35 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon flinches at the blade sinking into its body, then hisses and recoils as the smite sinks in\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:53:45 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
C'mere! Feature\par
You ended your turn next to me\'85I could just grab ya!\par
DC 13 Dexterity Saving Throw Dexterity Saving Throw\par
Legendary Action None Effects C'mere! None\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:54:39 PM] Aleph\par
hhnnnggg... hurry up friends! @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:54:51 PM] Dark Tendril (2)\par
Dark Tendril (2) bastes Aleph, spreading a black ooze from its tendrils around him, covering him in a sticky solution\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:55:05 PM] Gamemaster\par
Aleph is now restrained\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:55:17 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Swallow Gulp~!\par
C'mere\'85\par
DC 14 Strength Saving Throw Strength Saving Throw\par
Action None Effects Swallow None\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:56:12 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon starts lifting Aleph up like a hotdog to his mouth, but Aleph suddenly panics and SPRINGS UP like a stick. He wedges himself stuck in the dragon's teeth, standing between molars, constantly being chewed and squashed flat into an accordion, but REFUSING to be swallowed whole.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:56:26 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:56:38 PM] Aleph\par
hhmmmrrff.... hurry up...friends... @////@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:57:08 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"NOOOOO"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:57:19 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Vortex Warp 2nd Level \bullet  Conjuration\par
You magically twist space around another creature you can see within range. The target must succeed on a Constitution saving throw (the target can choose to fail), or the target is teleported to an unoccupied space of your choice that you can see within range. The chosen space must be on a surface or in a liquid that can support the target without the target having to squeeze.\par
At Higher Levels. When you cast this spell using a spell slot of 3rd level or higher, the range of the spell increases by 30 feet for each slot level above 2nd.\par
DC 8 Constitution Saving Throw Constitution Saving Throw\par
V, S 1 Action 90 ft Instantaneous Effects\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 8:59:47 PM] Gamemaster\par
The fourth brazier immediately bursts into a pyre and in that same moment all five dragon pillars light up with a bright white light that pours from their mouths in a laser beam that drags along the floors up to the Shadow Dragon:\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:00:09 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon recoils, twisting in place and looking at all of the pillars. It clutches his head and hisses, whimpering to itself, then screeches and roars in anger\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:00:50 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord rolls out of the way of the dragon's foot just before it angrily stomps on Chord during its tantrum! "WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING!?!?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:01:04 PM] Aleph\par
ugh... what just.... wait... my death! why am i here? oh no! *realizes what happened and looks to the pillars and to Chord*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:01:38 PM] Aleph\par
seems you have been charmed! be on the lookout!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:02:01 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon is being shot with 5 beams of energy, twisting in peril in the center of the pedestal as it wrathfully looks out at you all\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:03:07 PM] Dark Tendril (3)\par
The dark tendrils sink back into the water toward safety, but burn up before they can retreat\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:03:32 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Shadow Dragon is looking around warily, wild and panicking. It lets out a distressed noise, then spots Belzflee and CLUTCHES for him\par
[12/5/2024, 9:03:50 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
Swallow Gulp~!\par
C'mere\'85\par
[12/5/2024, 9:04:24 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly squawks in a panic as he is also gummed up like Aleph, but manages to flutter free in a panic on his turn by transforming into mist and teleporting away!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:04:43 PM] Aleph\par
wooow! that was so close!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:04:51 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
The shadow dragon is immediately forced suspended in the air above the pedestal and the gem pile beneath it begins to rumble and move. The gems each swirl in a motion and form a grid of gems in the shape of an orb. The gems then slam against the draconic figure, forcing them curled up as the gems form a compressing shell and trap the spirit within an egg shaped fire opal. The gem drops to the ground and bounces on the pedestal as the runes slowly dim.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:05:00 PM] Shadow Dragon\par
MEGA EGGEM Loot\par
Trapped within is the Shadow Dragon, or at least what became of them.\par
Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:05:35 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"W-wha!?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:05:55 PM] Gamemaster\par
The entire platform rumbles and the merlot barrier begins to flicker as its ritual focus has been removed from its seat.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:06:05 PM] Gamemaster\par
Water starts crashing up against the platform and washing over guardrails, cracking the stone. The entire eastern cavern is flooding.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:06:20 PM] Aleph\par
uh oh... the water! we have to get out!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:06:23 PM] Cyrus\par
We should run!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:06:34 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"By Ioun, oh no!!!" Belzflee screams, pointing at the way you all came from. Water is rushing over the path, throwing shrooms and roots all over the cave\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:07:12 PM] Gamemaster\par
The entire ritual platform cracks somewhere deep beneath it...and begins sliding with the water!! \tab What do you do to brace yourself and stay together?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:07:11 PM] Cyrus\par
Loot!!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:07:35 PM] Gamemaster\par
A crack forms dow nthe center of the entire platform, and it starts folding in on itself slightly\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:07:40 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph woul dbe a bit skeptical of what Cyrus is grabbing* just be careful of not cursing yourself zwz\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:08:06 PM] Aleph\par
now,lets book it!\par
[12/5/2024, 9:09:27 PM] Aleph\par
suddenly im very hungry now zwz\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:10:05 PM] Gamemaster\par
The platform CRASHES against the ridges, then cracks and begins folding slightly in the center. All the lights are getting doused and walls of water and rubble are blocking sources in a chaotic pattern of black splotches and blinding purple flashes. You feel your upper body get thrashed by a wave of water, your legs bounce against a rock, and your arms sink and pull out of some foamy pool before total darkness overtakes your senses.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:10:16 PM] Gamemaster\par
You see nothing, and feel only the pounding sensations of water pressure, rocks, and the twisting currents forcing you through unimaginably crowded gaps. Repeatedly you somehow feel your upper body surface in some bubble of air only to have a ceiling of water smash back down on you.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:12:06 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would be probably hold himself together the best he could, if he could also grab another one to keep them safe would do so, while also muttering some prayer as he fals dizzy from all the currents and battering xwx*\par
[12/5/2024, 9:17:46 PM] Gamemaster\par
Suddenly...falling...splashing...Falling again, splashing again. You can finally see lights as you slope downstream with less chaotic, but still rapid waters. A gorgeous deep blue fills the cavern as the residual magic of the ritual bleeds away and dillutes into darkness in the distance. The entire mountain continues to rumble and shake as an entire universe dillutes beneath your feet.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:18:11 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord gasps and peels Belzflees face off of his chest. "We-we're alive!?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:18:24 PM] Cyrus\par
I can't... believe we survived that\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:18:28 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"zzzzz" bubble bubble "zzzz"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:18:50 PM] Cyrus\par
what is this place...?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:19:07 PM] Cyrus\par
Like a galaxy in the water\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:19:10 PM] Aleph\par
*you could hear Aleph coughing and spouting out water while still holding some of you tight xwx* uugghh... by the Light... did we make it? where is this place...?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:19:21 PM] Cyrus\par
Suddenly a great sweeping motion envelopes your ankles, then your calves, thighs, butts, and tails! From underneath an immense serpent swims up to be straddled by you! With their immense body still mostly submerged they lift the segment you're on out of the water and safely carry you above the crushing currents. You see that this creature is graced with a gorgeous deep green pattern with gem like scales. Where your body touches it a lichen and algae forms, clinging you to her body.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:19:23 PM] Aleph\par
.... why is Belz flattened 0w0;\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:19:38 PM] Gamemaster\par
The serpent takes Cyrus AWAY from the group\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:20:24 PM] Aleph\par
AAHH! Cyrus!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:20:45 PM] Cyrus\par
@v@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:20:57 PM] Cyrus\par
at least it's not taking me underwater!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:21:11 PM] Cyrus\par
Good serpent *pets a bit more*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:21:39 PM] Cyrus\par
The snake descends back into the water, detaching from Cyrus. The lychen remains on the bird's body, and grows up along his limbs and torso, evenloping him in its before sinking into his body and painting him with the Mark of Juna's Ire, a coiled snake with fangs bared on the back of his hand.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:21:40 PM] Aleph\par
hold on we are coming! *Aleph would try to swim while holding still the group together,at least now that they can move better?*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:21:58 PM] Gamemaster\par
Further down the stream the magic fades and the only remaining light is your own. The river opens up wide and further on in the darkness is a roaring noise of a waterfalls, dozens of them of varying heights. The cavern ceiling is slightly illuminated by shrooms growing on the lip of a ridge.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:22:23 PM] Cyrus\par
Whew! I'm ok!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:22:27 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord sighs and casts cure wounds on Belzfly\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:22:37 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"BOK!?"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:22:41 PM] Cyrus\par
Belzflee >v> you doin ok?\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:22:54 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
"I'm alive??"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:23:07 PM] Aleph\par
Lay on Hands Feature\par
Your blessed touch can heal wounds. You have a pool of healing power that replenishes when you finish a Long Rest. With that pool, you can restore a total number of Hit Points equal to five times your Paladin level.As a Bonus Action, you can touch a creature (which could be yourself) and draw power from the pool of healing to restore a number of Hit Points to that creature, up to the maximum amount remaining in the pool.You can also expend 5 Hit Points from the pool of healing power to remove the Poisoned condition from the creature; those points don't also restore Hit Points to the creature.\par
Paladin 1 1 Bonus Action None Effects\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:23:43 PM] Cyrus\par
You're ok ^v^\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:23:48 PM] Cyrus\par
Thank you Aleph!!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:23:58 PM] Cyrus\par
I wonder where this leads though...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:24:05 PM] Gamemaster\par
As you all drift down the river, you hear waterfalls up ahead, and the cave's rumbling returns to your ears.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:24:15 PM] Aleph\par
ugghh all this swimming is going to hurt me tomorrow morning zwz but i am so glad!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:24:27 PM] Gamemaster\par
Up ahead you hear a familiar voice shouting out with concern\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:24:42 PM] Gamemaster\par
"SERIOUSLY NOT FUNNY! GET THE HELL OUT HERE GUYS!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:24:57 PM] Aleph\par
oh! hello?! we are coming!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:25:21 PM] Gamemaster\par
"OH!? Oh shit! I've got a rope!!!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:25:42 PM] Gamemaster\par
You all go crashing down a series of waterfalls to a familiar place\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:25:47 PM] Kuru\par
Standing at the edge of the ridge is a familiar figure: the guide! He he has a length of rope in his hands tied to a stalagmite and he's looking around frantically, mouth agape when he spots you and tosses the rope to meet you!\tab "CATCH!!"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:25:52 PM] Cyrus\par
It's you!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:26:25 PM] Cyrus\par
*let's everyone grab on*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:26:28 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru kicks several mushrooms down at the group\par
[12/5/2024, 9:26:42 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would attempt to grab on Cyrus and also whole helping Belz and Chord to get up* hhnnngg...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:26:53 PM] Cyrus\par
*BWOOOMMPH*\par
 \par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:26:58 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru snickers as Cyrus is instantly inflated into a sphere\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:27:04 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly flies just fine. "No thanks"\par
[12/5/2024, 9:27:15 PM] Ambling Chord\par
"Ughhh"\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:27:18 PM] Aleph\par
0/////0 Cyrus!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:27:34 PM] Gamemaster\par
You land on the safety of the ledge with the guide's arms pulling you in then shoving you up towards the tunnel. The ground is still shaking and the cavern ceiling still appears to be crumbling!!\tab "We need to leave!!" He urgently shouts as he watches a new cascade of waves crashing down the waterfalls.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:27:41 PM] Kuru\par
We need to leave!!" He urgently shouts as he watches a new cascade of waves crashing down the waterfalls.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:27:59 PM] Cyrus\par
*Orbs about ambiently*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:28:11 PM] Aleph\par
*Aleph would grab the Cyrus balloon for a tight hug and hold him we run to safety xP*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:28:21 PM] Cyrus\par
Hnng- thanks...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:28:54 PM] Gamemaster\par
It's a quick sprint back up the entry tunnel with only a few trips here and there as you fight the ground's stability. All of you burst from the maw of Mount Myre with a gush of water splashing out with you just before the tunnel collapses completely!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:29:01 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru suddenly screams when the mountain top EXPLODES in a burst of mud and water!! A small rush of rain sprinkles the land and multiple streams wash along the mountain side. Rocks tumble everywhere and trees fall over starting a domino effect of dead trees crashing into each other and mingling with the mud.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:29:12 PM] Gamemaster\par
The guide grips his head in horror as he watches the dust cloud settle around where the peak once stood. Slowly it reveals that the mountain top had crumbled in on itself anyway, but standing in one corner of the now brand new Mountain Lake Plataeu is the temple structure full of kobolds.\tab By some grace and protection of the gods, their home suvived the collapse and has already staked a claim to the real estate. Kuru slowly calms down as he watches the streams sink and absorb into the mountainside, then looks to the group and to the gigantic green crystal spire east of Mount Myre.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:29:26 PM] Kuru\par
"...This is going to be one hell of a report to write..." Kuru whimpers, clutching his face in despair.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:29:57 PM] Aleph\par
.... now i realize how deep the corruption of that dragon was! by the Light...\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:30:09 PM] Aleph\par
we will need to check on the Kobolds!\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:30:24 PM] Cyrus\par
*Is a Cyrus balloon*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:30:30 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly kisses the dirt, lying flat against it happily\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:30:43 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord lunges at and hugs Kuru, jumping up in joy\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:31:14 PM] Aleph\par
yay! i would suggest you to both to stay safe and away, or these Kobolds will try to find you to become rugs again zwz we can deal with that with Cyrus\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:31:18 PM] Boulder Buddy\par
A stray boulder comes rolling down the rumbling mountain and smears the entire group in one go\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:31:29 PM] Cyrus\par
Xvx\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:31:35 PM] Aleph\par
and also A- *squoooosh* @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:31:39 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru squeals, fluttering 30 feet in the air and landing in a tree\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:31:47 PM] Belzflee Boofaly\par
Belzflee Boofaly drapes over the roof sadly, sighing\par
\par
[12/5/2024, 9:31:59 PM] Ambling Chord\par
Ambling Chord is stuck to the boulder\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:32:13 PM] Aleph\par
*flutters down slowly like a leaf after such surprise squish @.@ next to Cyrus!*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:32:35 PM] Aleph\par
(who is a massive pancake now xD)\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:32:40 PM] Cyrus\par
*is a round, ultra-wide pancake*\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:32:50 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru sighs and folds his flat arms as he dangles from the tree.\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:33:13 PM] Aleph\par
at least the land is safeeee... @.@\par
 \par
[12/5/2024, 9:34:02 PM] Kuru\par
Kuru slips off the branch and lands on the ground, standing flat, then smiles at the group. He starts trudging along the path down the stairs, back towards the Pearlescent Port. He waves his silver rod and conjures a group of phantom steeds, then mounts one for himself and smiles at you.\tab "So, uh....tell me all about the story as we get back home?"Kuru smirks perversely.\par
In the coming days the Arcane Consortium celebrates the grand deployment of a geomancy fleet being sent to pave a road up the mountain to the brand new lake. The Drakoboldian Temple simultaneously celebrates the grand opening of a lake-side spa resort, transforming their dank stoney walls into an elaborate, festive dwelling as the kobolds spread out into huts along the lakeside.\tab\par
The Arcane Consortium is furious at the loss of claim to the mountain top, but has established friendly relations with the Archon, bringing them under the city's and guild's protection. All of you, and the peasants of Pearlescent Port have been invited to the lakeside resort's festivities for the night.\f0\par
}
 